On Sunday , I visited Brownsville .  I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis .
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels .  KeepItInTheGround
Danny Glover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice .  I thank him for his support .
I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York .
The president's   immigration actions are good first steps .  The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward .  FightForFamilies
For 30 years , GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River .  We must clean it up and hold GE accountable .
Bernie is a protester .  He's   not scared to go up against the criminal justice system .  - Erica Garner
How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling ?
We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness .
Tune in to BernieAtProspectPark live here :
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world , people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing .
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address .
Jane O'Meara Sanders is a soulmate and a sounding board .  I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else .
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour .  Not just in one or two cities , but across the country .
It is extremely sad that the United States , one of the oldest democracies , has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country .
Medicare for all means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges .
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms .
New York :  it's   our time again to build a future to believe in .
We can win New York , but we'll need a strong grassroots effort .  Let's   reach 2 million calls and TakeNYbyPhone :
We shouldn't cut the GI bill .  Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits .  DefendTheGIBill
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war , and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans .  DefendTheGIBill
Health care costs are out of control .  Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control .
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support .
Some believe it's   ok to take $200 ,000 an hour from Wall Street , but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much .
We're all in this together .
I annotated a speech by Pope Francis .  Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common .
The Urgency of a Moral Economy :  Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus
If we wake up the American people , if we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  New York , vote on April 19 !
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise .  DemDebate
Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors :  Hillary Clinton - 51% Bernie Sanders - 3%
$27 a contribution .  Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money .  THAT IS A PEOPLE'S CAMPAIGN .   DemDebate
Public colleges and universities tuition free ?  Damn right .
AskAboutAbortion this segment , please .
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world .  That includes BOTH israel and Palestine , not just one or the other .
If we are going to achieve peace , we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity .  DemDebate
I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people .  - Hillary Clinton Just wanted that one on the record .
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for Hillary Clinton to get her on their side .  They donate to her because she is already on their side .
Hillary Clinton's   plan to address climate change does not go far enough .  We need bold changes , not just small steps .  DemDebate
Hillary Clinton supports fracking .  Bernie does not .  DemDebate
Millions of people are standing up , Hillary Clinton $12 is not enough .  Let's   raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour .  DemDebate
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street .  There were none .  Hillary's   been looking into it for 70 days .  DemDebate
If there's   nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's   Wall Street speeches , why not just ReleaseTheTranscripts ?  DemDebate
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street's   greed , Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out .
Does Hillary Clinton believe money has no influence in politics ?  Seems to contradict her issues page here :
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  Plain and simple .
Rosario Dawson is right :  The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day , it's   the struggle of a lifetime .
Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit .  Full statement :
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money .
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
48 hours .  15 ,000 volunteers .  2 million calls .  This weekend we're going to TakeNYbyPhone Join us :
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage .  FightFor15
We're making progress in Seattle , Los Angeles , San Francisco , California , New York and Oregon .
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take no for an answer .
Not too long ago , the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or pie-in-the-sky .
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us , not just powerful special interests .
It's   me , Bernie 'Brooklyn Born' Sanders and guess what Ted Cruz I have New York values .
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should .
Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's   great to be back !  - Bernie NewYorkForBernie
The cause is right and the time is NOW .  - Nina Turner NewYorkforBernie
This momentum is incredible - but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's   primary .  Make a plan :
We need strong progressives in Congress like   Team Pramila and   Help us elect them :
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore .
I don't want the support of McAdam , Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class .  I welcome their contempt .
Roosevelt battled his era's   elite .  He called them economic royalists .  Bernie calls them the billionaire class .
As president , I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people .
How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States ?
We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country , but lift living standards throughout the world .
Making women travel hundreds of miles , wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace .
For the past 40 years , the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care .  That is unacceptable .
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people .  They should be in jail .
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer .  Evolving is not good enough .  We need leadership .
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud .
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  EqualPayDay
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .  EqualPayDay
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Shameful .  We need pay equity .  EqualPayDay
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave .
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money .  Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy .  DemocracySpring
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  DemocracySpring
It's   wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis .  Natural gas isn't a bridge fuel , it's   a fossil fuel .
Right now , under the Federal Controlled Substance Act , marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin .  That's   pretty crazy .
People should be rewarded for getting an education , not punished with student debt of $50 ,000 , $100 ,000 or more .
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy .  It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans .
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful .
ICYMI :  Bernie and the Big Banks - Robert Reich former Secretary of Labor
New York , let's   make a little bit of history .  Make a plan to vote on Tuesday , April 19 :
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable , and will create millions of good jobs .
Climate change is an economic , public health , national security and environmental problem .  It is every kind of issue at once .
As president , I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House .  Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office .
Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people .  .  .
It's   clear that the war on drugs was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end .
We know that tough on crime policies have failed .  Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation .
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support !
Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York .  We need to do more to address this housing crisis .
Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration .  - Ben Jealous
15 dollars an hour everywhere .  FamilyValuesIn5Words
We can't properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty .
If we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  Wyoming , let's   caucus !
That's   just a single issue where Hillary Clinton and I differ .
In my view , we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand , not weaken , the social safety net .
In 2008 , Hillary Clinton said that welfare should not be an anti-poverty program .  I disagree .
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty .  That is unacceptable .
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need .
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits :  1996 :  68% 2014 :  Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011 , households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans ;  132% for Hispanics ;  109% for White Americans .
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from 1 . 4 million to 3 . 5 million .
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people .
Since this legislation was signed into law , families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636 ,000 to 1 . 65 million .
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster .
Unfortunately , Hillary Clinton supported this bill calling it a critical first step to reforming our nation's   welfare system .
I called that bill an assault on the poor , women and children , minorities , and immigrants .  I believed that then and I believe that now .
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform .
It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage .  It was the people telling him what to do .  That's   how change happens .
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class , Congress is going to have to start paying attention .
The problems facing this country now are so serious , are so deep , that the same-old , same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it .
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change .
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's   dependence on fossil fuels .  We've gotta get our act together .
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements .
As president , I would formally apologize for our country's   deplorable practice of slavery .
We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured .  -
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven , I care about leaving a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren .
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet .
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way , we're doing it differently .
I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers .  Unions are my family .  I have worked with them for my entire life .
Millions of people are working incredible hours - some with two or three jobs - just trying to care for themselves and their families .
What Republicans are saying , very loudly and clearly , is that no woman in this country , has the right to control her own body .  I disagree .
The Affordable Care Act , which I voted for and helped write , is a step forward for this country .  But we must build on it and go further .
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles .  That's   an embarrassment .
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign .
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals .
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security .  Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect .
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the full promise of equality .
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby .
Corporate greed needs to end .  They're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans .
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out , but we keep winning by large margins .  Keep us going :
Tune in to Bernie's   remarks live from Laramie here :
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms .  This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction .
The major media don't know how to report on movements .  - Robert Reich
Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's   bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage .
Martin Luther King , Jr was one of the great leaders of our history .  We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice .
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable .
As president , I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage .
Not too long ago , they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic .  Some said it was 'pie-in-the-sky . ' NY and CA are just the tipping point .
We need a new approach to trade in this country - one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations .
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics :  we are telling the truth .
Let me be clear :  I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic , in the Gulf and in the Atlantic .
My climate plan will cut 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050 , in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution .
I recognize it's   a bold peice of legislation .  But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren .
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet .  I've led the opposition to it from the beginning .
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world .  It's   too late for incremental change .  We must act boldly .
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans .
As president , I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history .  He's   got it backwards .
Under Gov .  Walker , we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin .  Absolutely wrong and unacceptable .
In 1980 , Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent .  It's   time to extend this cap to every lender in America .
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent .
Current status of the Clark County , Nevada credentials committee .
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County , Nevada Democratic Convention :
Change cannot take place without political participation .
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change .
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin happening now :   WIPrimary
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier .
As a born and raised New Yorker , I'm very proud .  A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation .
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough .
The truth is that Hillary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from oil , gas and coal industry lobbyists .
They never thought we could do it .  We're on track to raise $43 . 5 million .  Chip in here :
I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets .  We must end childhood poverty .  BernieInTheBronx
I am very proud to have been born in New York City !  BernieInTheBronx
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson , Harry Belafonte , Spike Lee and Residente .  Tune in LIVE :   BernieInTheBronx
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month .  Help us reach our goal before midnight !
It's   still a long shot , but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal .  Contribute before our deadline :
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work .  We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
Under my administration , Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .
I survived .  I became stronger .  I have a voice .  - Andrea Zekis , Transgender Activist TransDayofVisibility
The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country .  I believe that they will win .
We can't have a safe and sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's   products are making their profits from Wall Street .
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies .  I think they are .
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe .  Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake .
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street .
Agreed , Jumaane And yes , we will campaign like Brooklynites !
I want children to know that if they study hard , no matter what the income of their families , they will be able to get a college education .
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt .  That shortsighted path forward must end .
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty .
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color .  Read my plan :
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country .  It is too late for establishment policies , politics and economics .
It's   time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency .
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people , not going to billionaires' homes begging for money .
The vast majority of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 students are already working to put themselves through school .  The kids are alright .
Yet wealthy kids under HillaryClinton's   plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week .  Kids from working families would .
War has got to be the last recourse , not the first .
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest Residente this Thursday , March 31 .  RSVP here :   BernieInTheBronx
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections .
From Wisconsin to California , the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country .
This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain .
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .
A job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage .
I agree .  But here's   the difference :  I support a $15 federal minimum wage .  Hillary Clinton does not .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power .  That's   what I do .
Scientists tell us we need bold action , not incremental change .
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's   super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people .
The sad reality is that across the globe , the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters .
We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10 ,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity .
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people .  Read more of our plan here :
I agree with Lin-Manuel Miranda Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt .
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families , especially for parents who work non-traditional hours .
Ill-conceived military decisions , such as the invasion of Iraq , can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades .
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years .
Voter ID laws , discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression .
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate !
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here :
Together .
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution !
Tune in to BernieInSeattle live here :
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable .
Violence and brutality , particularly at the hands of the police , is unacceptable and must not be tolerated .
Under my administration , the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands .
A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution .  BirdieSanders
The American people are not looking to settle for inches .  They're looking for real change .
BirdieSanders and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field .  Meet us there :
BirdieSanders
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here :   BernieInPDX
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation .
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country - once the envy of the world - has been disappearing .
We have more people in jail than any other country .  Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans .
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy .
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008 , but Social Security was right there paying full benefits .
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make , not the Governor of indiana .
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction .
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act .  Voting should not be this difficult .
On Tuesday night , people waited in line for 5 hours to vote .  We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots .  This is unacceptable .
I'm glad to see Greg Stanton asking Justice Department to investigate the voting delays in Arizona .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world .
It's   time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .  This law has no place in America .
My plan :  break up big banks , close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share .  Then we can expand health care and make college free .
As president , I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade .  We must protect and expand a woman's   right to abortion .
As president , I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights .
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military policy must be to destroy ISIS , but to do it in a way that does not get 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 troops involved in perpetual warfare .
As president , I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly .  I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote .
No , we're not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a moral objection to it .  HandsOffMyBC
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .  HandsOffMyBC
It is time for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity .
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few .
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here :
It's   a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election .
Idaho , stand up and fight for American democracy , an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy .  IDCaucus
I continue to stand by the President's   calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough .
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts !
It's   important we not succumb to bigotry .  We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people .  We are not fighting a religion .
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House .
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium :
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed .  We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here , not cast them out .
Wonder how many $27 contributions Hillary Clinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist :
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman .
I believe israel , Palestine and the international community can , must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace .
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   ForThePeople
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  ForThePeople
Wisconsin !  This political revolution is one that is of the people and ForThePeople .  Register to vote by April 1 .
We've shown what's   possible competing against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .
When we stand together , we win .  ForThePeople
This campaign is a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying :  enough is enough .  ForThePeople
As president , I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v .  Wade .
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era .
When we come together and don't allow people to divide us , we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent .
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history .
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues .
Together , we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare .
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10 , 15 , 20 years down the line - someone with judgment .
Unfortunately , what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true .
In 2003 , I voted against the War in Iraq .  It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war .
That starts with defending veterans' benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress .
In the wake of that war , we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans .
That's   money that could have been spent on rebuilding America's   schools , roads , bridges and water systems .
When the last benefits are calculated , that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars .
Utah , join the political revolution .  Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday , March 22 .  ByThePeople
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution ByThePeople .  Go out and vote on Tuesday .
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  ByThePeople
This campaign is a political revolution ByThePeople , and we must make sure that health care is a right , not a privilege .
Change will not come without political participation .  Join us :   ByThePeople
No one said a political revolution would be easy .  We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose .  ByThePeople
Arizona , Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday .  We have a good chance to win if we stand together .  ByThePeople
This is a campaign of the people , ByThePeople and for the people .
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire .  We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together .
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians .
Bernie is not a politician of convenience .  He understands that the powerless need a voice .  -
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's   border is wrong and immoral .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet , we must fight for fair wages for all .
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics .  We need a political revolution .
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   OfThePeople
The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day or a year .  It's   the struggle of a lifetime .  OfThePeople
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  OfThePeople
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation .  They ain't seen nothing yet .  OfThePeople
It's   important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see .  ofthePeople
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain OfThePeople .  They want real change !
Touring the border here in Nogales , Arizona .  I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families .
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges , not more walls .  Pope Francis is right .
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement .  OfThePeople
This is a campaign OfThePeople , by the people , and for the people .
Vote for the political revolution .  GetMillennialsToVoteIn5Words
Sec .  Clinton may disagree with me , but I don't think it's   a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad .
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah .  We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout .
We can have differences about when to go to war , but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned .  DefendTheGIBill
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors .
And while we don't guarantee health care to all , we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending .
Sec .  Clinton says she got to travel the world .  Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people ?
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free .  I know my opponent thinks it's   a radical idea , I don't .
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street .
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
This is why my plan to ActOnClimate starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground .
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution .
Sec .  Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry .  I am doing it a different way .
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint ?  FlintWaterCrisis
Here's   a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us .
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits .
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations .
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  We can change this system .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security .
No one said the political revolution would be easy .  We're facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose .  Donate :
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control .
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs .  America needs a political revolution .
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans .
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken .
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system .
Seen in Chicago .
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests .
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem .  Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign .  This is a grassroots campaign .
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers , not just coal workers .
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers .
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .
Hillary Clinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money .
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet .
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment .
When we talk about education , we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage .  DemTownHall
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty .  DemTownHall
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders .  DemTownHall
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .  DemTownHall
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process .  We should condemn violence not encourage it .  DemTownhall
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois .
The American people don't need a president who says the right things in a stump speech .  They need a president who is with them every day .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care .
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child .
I have a message for Secretary Clinton :  We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement .  We need to defeat it .
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price .
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .
Every American , regardless of their income , should have access to a college education .  -
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me .  I don't want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers .
We do things a little different in this campaign :  We bring people TOGETHER .  BernieInIL
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system .
Remembering Jane Lang .  We will continue her fight for universal health care .
As president , I will govern based on principle not poll numbers .  Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests .
That's   a good question .  My answer is yes .
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars .  Unlike Sec .  Clinton , I have nothing to release .
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement , not a weaker one .
I agree .  That's   why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions .
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources .
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history .
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians .  We must overturn Citizens United before it's   too late .
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement , a political revolution in this country .
It's   unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits .
Real change takes place when people stand up and say enough is enough , and when we create a political revolution from the ground up .
PolitiFact :  Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind .
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people's   campaign .
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 We've lost 60 ,000 factories since 2001 .
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America .  DebateWithBernie
Sec .  Clinton is arguing that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people .
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage .  How would Hillary Clinton get there ?  UnivisionDebate
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after .  Unfortunately , he was right .
The head of Goldman Sachs didn't give Bernie $225 ,000 for a speech .  He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street .  And he's   right .
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders .  UnivisionDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .   nytimes
The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners .  - Hillary Clinton on the auto bailout in 2008 .
Hillary Clinton doubles down on negative tactics and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times :
We have laws .  - Hillary Clinton DemDebate
I will not deport children from the United States of America .  I can make that promise .  DemDebate
Clinton acknowledged that , in some cases , a child's   deportation could bring them great harm .   DemDebate
As president , I will not support driver's   licenses for undocumented people .  .  .  - Hillary Clinton in 2007
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .
When we began we were 50 points behind the inevitable Democratic nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  DemDebate
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the DemDebate in Miami .  Tune in live here  and DebateWithBernie .
I stand with Chicago teachers .  We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street .
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people .  We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs .
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty .  There's   enough violence in the world and the government shouldn't add to it .
Multinational corporations making billions , moving jobs overseas , are asking for handouts from our middle class ?  I don't think so .
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right .  That's   taking care of its people .  Not more tax breaks for the rich .
Rick Scott veto this bill .  Don't play politics with abortion .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids ?
At the end of the day big money doesn't always win .  What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us .
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class .  A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally , economically or politically .
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation , the wealthy have never had it so good .
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men .  It's   sexism and it has got to end .
This is what we can learn from history :  when people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials .  This should make us all proud .
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  IWD2016
We must ensure pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work - it's   not a radical idea .  InternationalWomensDay
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi ?  Use iVoted and share this image !
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave .  InternationalWomensDay
This is why it's   so important that our Democratic debate moderators AskAboutAbortion .
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  GOTVforBernie
Change cannot take place without political participation .
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014 :
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman , without interference from politicians .  InternationalWomensDay
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it's   Wall Street that regulates Congress .
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick .  Health care must be a right , not a privilege .
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change .  We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it .
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change .
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty .
It took Fox News to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate .  DemTownHall
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need a serious discussion about the issues .
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance .
From the Washington Post Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout .  He even voted for it .
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   DemDebate
Safe fracking is like clean coal , pure fiction .  DemDebate
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking .  Hillary Clinton does .  Big difference .  DemDebate
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail's   father , consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family :
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes .  Why do they need our taxpayer dollars ?  DemDebate
FACT :  Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008 .  DemDebate
Bernie was one of the first , not one of the last , to oppose the job-killing TPP .  DemDebate cc :
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint ?  DemDebate
At the end of the day , I will trust the people to create a government that works for them , not Corporate America or Wall Street .  DemDebate
We're glad that Hillary Clinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov .  Snyder's   resignation .  DemDebate
Children in America should not be poisoned .  The federal government must act .  No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water .  DemDebate
The governor of Michigan must resign , but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint .  DemDebate
I helped write the Affordable Care Act .  It's   done some great things , but we must do more .  50 million are still uninsured or underinsured .
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
This is a sad day for America .  Nancy Reagan had a good heart , and she will be dearly missed .
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .
America's   radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class .
This campaign is not about me-it's   about all of us .  No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together .
U . S .  trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit , Flint :
We've got the momentum , the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia .
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign .  There are no excuses .
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .
Tune in live to the Warren , Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon !   GOTVforBernie
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance .
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5 ,000 a year .
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry .  I'm not afraid of them , not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America .
When we talk about public education , it is not just 1st grade through 12th .  We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free .
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   GOTVforBernie
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society .
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need .  BernieInIL
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people .  BernieInIL
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  BernieInIL
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman .
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child .
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families , not billionaires buying elections .
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change - real change - and that is what this campaign is about .
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .   BernieInKS
In many states , it's   legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender .  We're gonna change that !  BernieInKS
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street .
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity .  BernieInKS
Not many people know it , but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960 .  What changed ?  Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs .
Change happens from the bottom up .  Keep fighting , sisters and brothers .  GOPDebate
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he's   not worried because if elected she'll flip back to support it .
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner .
Here is a radical idea .  Let's   listen to the scientists , not the politicians .  BernieInNE
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails .  BernieInNE
43 ,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA .  I opposed that bad deal , Hillary Clinton did not .
I know that Sec .  Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big .  I don't think so .
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's   free trade policies .
If we are going to win this primary , we have to be ready to fight , organize , and win in the states ahead .  Volunteer :
Our trade policy must change .  Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America , not in low-wage countries .
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs - jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class - now pay a poverty wage of $9 . 60 an hour ?
Happening now :  press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan .  Tune in live here :
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation .
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury .  It's   crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world .
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  FeelTheBern
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income .
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  BernieInPortland
It's   time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters .
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Volunteer to help us win :
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman's   constitutional right .  StopTheSham
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr
Welcome to the political revolution , Colorado !
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie .  SuperTuesday
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  SuperTuesday
Amplify the vote !  Call Bernie voters in SuperTuesday states to help with the final shift of the day :
America is about standing together .  Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality .  SuperTuesday
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on SuperTuesday ?  Use iVoted or iCaucused and share this image !
Democrats win when voter turnout is high , when people come together and we reject division .  Go vote .  SuperTuesday
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC , don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  SuperMonday
Wanna hear a radical idea ?  We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent .  SuperMonday MApoli
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton , MA .  Tune in LIVE :   SuperMonday
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .   SuperMonday
My opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   SuperMonday
Fighting for social justice is never easy .  It is always a struggle .  Join us :   SuperMonday
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  SuperMonday
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives .  SuperMonday
Vote to win the White House .  SuperMonday
Great article by Elizabeth Warren This is exactly what our campaign is talking about .
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country .
Tune in now to the Tom Joyner for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
On the road with my most trusted adviser Jane O'Meara Sanders
Bernie Sanders can't do this alone .  We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement .  COpolitics
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough .
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world , not the country with the most people in jail !
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
America's   first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .  Yet we leave millions overlooked .
As a veteran of the Iraq War , Rep .  Tulsi Gabbard understands the cost of war .  I am honored to have her endorsement .
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve .
It's   time for this injustice to end .
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters .  This campaign is just beginning .
It is the public - not the candidate - who decides how much disclosure is enough .   ReleaseTheTranscripts
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia , S . C .  office for the afternoon canvass launch .  SCforBernie
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits .
It's   time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave , paid sick time and paid vacation leave .
What is going on in America ?  We should be hiring educators , not firing them !
To the vast majority of the American people , democracy means one person , one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs .
Tune in now to catch NinaTurner's   introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina !  SCforBernie
I will certainly look into it .  21 days 19 hours 6 minutes
I have a radical idea :  instead of having unfettered free trade , we should have fair trade protecting workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and abroad .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's   Barber Shop in Columbia , S . C .  to talk to voters .
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president :
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs .
I have a 98% pro-union voting record .  I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement .
Since 2001 , bad trade policies caused 60 ,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close .
This great university is being threatened with cuts .  What is going on in America ?  Where are our priorities ?
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .
We need politicians who will stand with indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands .
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton ?
NYT agrees :  Hillary Clinton should release her Wall Street transcripts .  Day 20 since she said I will look into it .
Join rapper and activist Killer Mike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  They're overworked , underpaid , and under enormous stress .
All immigrants , including undocumented workers and their families , should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act .
What welfare reform did , in my view , was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country .
Let us be clear :  the campaign finance system in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is corrupt , it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed .
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable .
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren .
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up .  Another candidate does not agree .
I do not have a super pac .  One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street .  One of us does not .
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from   We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change .
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
We need to invest in jobs and job training , rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people .
It's   unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax .
Just a reminder .
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL .  I won't leave 29 million behind .
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina .  This is wrong and we're gonna change that .
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color .
Hillary Clinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches .  Aren't we better than that ?
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very , very much .  DemTownHall
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , over 1 ,000 ,000 of them , 27 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street .
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  DemTownHall
My father is from Poland .  No one has asked for my birth certificate .  Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin .  DemTownHall
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .  DemTownHall
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle :  Real change never comes from the top on down .  It always comes from the bottom up .
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans , regardless of income .
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us .  FeelTheBern
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the promise of equality .
When Bernie gets to the White House , he will do the right thing .  No flipping , no flopping .  - Spike Lee
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country .
I will certainly look into it .  - Hillary Clinton Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors .
The more people get to know Bernie , what he stands for and his consistency , the more people support him .
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all .
New analysis from   Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada .
It's   been 17 days , 16 hours and 32 minutes since Hillary Clinton said she would look into releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street .
This campaign is about bringing people together .  We understand that when we stand together , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors .
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville , volunteers kept calls going strong .  Join us :
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  BernieInSC
Here's   the reality :  the status quo is not enough .  We need real change .  And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins .  BernieInSC
Racism , sexism , and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about .  BernieInSC
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities .
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions .
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide .
We need to solve problems like immigration in America , not use these issues to promote division and hostility .
I am very proud of the campaign we ran .  Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election .
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward .
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve .
Nevada , please help us move the political revolution forward !
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people .  They want real change !
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American - on time and without delay .
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans , but Social Security was right there with full benefits .
ICYMI :  The Clintons , when they were in office , weren't exactly friends to immigrants .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   AmericaTogether
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  AmericaTogether
Welcome to the political revolution .  AmericaTogether
Questions or issues ?  Call our hotline :  AmericaTogether
It's   time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .  AmericaTogether
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  AmericaTogether
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  AmericaTogether
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  AmericaTogether
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism , hatred , and bigotry .  AmericaTogether
Under my health care plan , people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food , heat and shelter .
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract !

Glad to hear HillaryClinton's   promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin .
29 million Americans don't have health insurance .  31 million are underinsured .  That's   rationing .  Those are wait times .  DemTownHall
Every child in America , regardless of their family's   income , must be able to get the education they deserve .  It's   not a radical idea .
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers .  DemTownHall
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements .
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same .
It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty .  DemTownHall
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard .
I voted against the war in Iraq .  I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East .
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right , not a privilege .
Businesses would save over $9 ,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan .
We need to end prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain , in order to keep prison beds full .
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store :
Nevada , participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus :   NVforBernie
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy .
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .
I believe when we stand together , when we share the vision that government should work for all of us , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
This government belongs to all of us , not just a wealthy few .  That is what this campaign is about .  That is the political revolution .
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make , not the government .
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty - the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth .
When voter turnout is high , Democrats and progressives win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win .
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .
Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color .  - South Carolina Rep .  Wendell Gilliard
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks , we'll need to be ready .  Sign up for a volunteer shift :
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together .  Join us :
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States .
The Constitution is very clear :  President Obama has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices .  Let's   have a hearing and a vote .
Proud to have the support of Peace Action .
Paid family and medical leave , health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth .
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .  When people come together and we reject division .  Register to vote :
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  health care should be a right , not a privilege .
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big .  When the people lead , the leaders follow .
Civil rights icon and entertainer Harry Belafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America .
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 history at this point in a campaign .
Every year , the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans .  We must end this most revolting practice !
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can't afford it .
Happy Valentine's   Day from Nevada !
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation .  I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail .
Our campaign is funded by the people , others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest .
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us .  That doesn't solve problems , it makes them worse .  BernieInNV
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group .
America is about standing together as one people , not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality .
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did , and lied about it to protect their bottom line .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable .
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls .
As President , I will make public colleges and universities free , and we're going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation .
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry .
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution .  BernieInDenver
True freedom does not occur without economic security .  BernieInDenver
Higher education is a right .  We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt .
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's   family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing .
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability , but comes through continuous struggle .  - MLK
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty .
Tune in BernieInReno live here :
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs ;  1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .
It's   unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt .
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same .
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton's   Immigration Comments
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows .
I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend , and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy .  DemDebate
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense , which is the one major agency that has refused an audit .  DemDebate
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians .  DemDebate
About 85 percent of HillaryClinton's   campaign money has come from large donors .  DemDebate
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  DemDebate
We need radical , not incremental , reforms in our criminal justice system .  DemDebate
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals .  Hint :  it's   on this site :   DemDebate
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people :  the United States .  DemDebate
The truth :  29 million Americans have no health insurance , 31 million are uninsured .  Only one candidate has a plan to change that .  DemDebate
We need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have got to be bold .  DemDebate
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .
In the industrialized world , the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty .  That's   outrageous .
Banking should help our communities , not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy .
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement .
I am moved by the fact that our campaign's   financial support comes from more than 3 . 7 million individual contributions at an average of $27 .
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities .  We need to raise the minimum wage .
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around .
I'm going to hold a fundraiser right here , right now , across America .  - Last night , NH
As President , let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will .
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money , but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .
Happening now :  Bernie on The View on ABC .  Tune in !
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country .  The people want real change .
Never forget :  When voter turnout is high , Democrats win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win .
The media says we're going to win but we can't take anything for granted .  Please , stay in line and practice democracy .  Every vote matters .
We've leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections .  NHPrimary
There is no bank that is too big to fail , no banker too powerful to jail .  NHPrimary
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change .  NHPrimary
Health care is recognized as a right for every man , woman , and child .  NHPrimary
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt .  NHPrimary
Voting for Bernie in the NHPrimary ?  Use iVoted and share this image !
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home .
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary !
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch .  First votes cast in the FITN .
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
This is a people's   campaign .
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families .
Woah !  Big turnout for our GOTVforBernie rally at
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street .
We must increase the min .  wage to $15 , which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos .  VoteTogether
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives .  VoteTogether
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une .  Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones .  VoteTogether
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   VoteTogether
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer .  El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo .  VoteTogether
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .  VoteTogether
When we stand together , we win .  VoteTogether
To those who want to divide us up :  We're not gonna hate Latinos .  We're not gonna hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .  VoteTogether
Our job is not to divide .  Our job is to bring people together .  VoteTogether
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation , not allow them to divide us .  VoteTogether
Standing together , we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs .  VoteTogether
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution .
When it comes to supporting real family values , the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  FITN
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all .
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire .  GOTVforBernie
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security .
Things in New Hampshire are pretty , pretty , pretty good !  Help us win :   BernieOnSNL
Live from New York it's   Saturday Night !  BernieOnSNL
Unilateral military action should be a last resort , not a first resort .
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire .  FITN
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia .
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win .
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .  Bernie2016
Millions of Americans lost their jobs , homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street .  FITN
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials .
Remember :  this government belongs to all of us , not just a few wealthy campaign donors .  NHDems2016
On our worst days , it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days .  nhdems2016
Gov .  Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing .
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying .
I urge Sec .  Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security .
Surprisingly , American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance .  We just don't get it .
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters' ability to participate .
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes .
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .  FMLA23
Huffington Post :  Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life .
On our worst days , it's   fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate .  DemDebate
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants .  DemDebate
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA , I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA .  DemDebate
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  DemDebate
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get .  DebateWithBernie
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  There are no excuses .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Lati s .  We must abolish it .  DemDebate
Fewer email questions .  More questions about protecting women's   reproductive health .  DemDebate
Experience is important , but so is judgment .  And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War .  The other didn't .  DemDebate
It's   easy to apologize for making bad decisions .  It's   harder to make the right ones .  DemDebate
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DebateWithBernie
I am pretty proud that we have over 1 . 3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  .  DebateWithBernie
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance - I am the only one on stage without a super PAC .  DemDebate
ICYMI DemDebate
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  I believe health care should be a right , not a privilege .  DemDebate
I don't believe in free college .  -
Bernie's   education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DemDebate
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's   rigged by Wall Street and that's   the problem .  DemDebate
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .  nhpolitics
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of .  FITN
We need to ensure that workers have the skills , equipment , and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy .
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  NHWorkingFamilies
We're proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's   support in Nevada .
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change .
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .  DemTownHall
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .  DemTownHall
Change has always come from the bottom on up .  That's   what every major movement has been about .  That's   what we need right now .  DemTownHall
My spirituality is that we are all in this together .  When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me .  DemTownHall
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans , not a privilege .  DemTownHall
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan .  DemTownHall
Tune in to the DemTownHall right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Climate change isn't just a problem for the future - the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now .
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .
Some other days .  .  .
Of course .  There is no debate about this among progressives .
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country .
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq .  One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States .
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one .  Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership .  They didn't have to think about it a whole lot .
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street .
It's   immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations .
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking .  PeopleBeforePolluters
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration .
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country .  Disproportionately African-American and Latino .
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees .  It's   Wall Street's   time to help the middle class .
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done .  nhpolitics
In the year 2016 , public colleges and universities should be tuition free .  How will we pay for it ?  We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation .
Last night , we began the political revolution not just in Iowa , not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation .
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election .
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along :  when we stand together , anything is possible .
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us
Let's   be clear .  This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people .  CaucusForBernie
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .  CaucusForBernie
Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00 This is a people's   campaign .  CaucusForBernie
Football is a spectator sport .  Democracy is not a spectator sport .  CaucusForBernie
Together we can build a future that works for all of us , not just the few on top .  CaucusForBernie
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  CaucusForBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  CaucusForBernie
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  Together , we will do that .  CaucusForBernie
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry .
Let me say it loudly and clearly :  I believe that health care should be a right , not a privilege .
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy .  Together , we're gonna stop that .
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that can't get done in Washington .  Couldn't disagree more .
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money .
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth .  CaucusForBernie
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low .
Sec .  Clinton and I have differences of opinion .  Let's   debate those differences , not go around distorting records .
Up next I'll be on ABC's   This Week and CNN's   State of the Union Tune in !
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months .  The momentum is with us .  CaucusForBernie
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana .  That is absurd and it is destroying lives .
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout .  To get people involved in the political process .  CaucusForBernie
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families .
Mankind must put an end to war , or war will put an end to mankind .  - John F .  Kennedy
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem , NH about building a revolution .  NotMeUs
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  NotMeUs
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , we will win .  If we are divided , the big-money interests win .  NotMeUs
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  NotMeUs
If we stand together on Monday night , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  NotMeUs CaucusForBernie :
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  NotMeUs
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  NotMeUs
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  NotMeUs
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process , we will not bring about the real change we need .  NotMeUS
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president , it's   about creating a grassroots political movement .  NotMeUs
The concept of the minimum wage , was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as socialist .
It's   time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system .
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D .  Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone .
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the 1 percent .
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
Instead of cutting head start and childcare , we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country .
BREAKING :  Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world .
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes , they actually got a rebate .
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
I applaud state legislators for leading on EqualPayCantWait .  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .
A living wage should not only be fair , it should be equitable .  We must pass pay equity for women workers .  EqualPayCantWait
When we began we were 50 pts behind the inevitable Dem nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity , and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects .
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population .
If we stand together , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  We can bring hope to the political process .  We can make real change .
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .
People should not underestimate us .  Let's   rock the boat .  IAcaucus
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process .  Change happens when we stand up and fight back .
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour .
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win .
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value .
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire .
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates .  Hillary Clinton has not .  Why is that ?  The answer is obvious .
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are .  iacaucus
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day , we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate .
We are the wealthiest nation in the world , but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections .  Ordinary people don't vote .  We have an economic and political crisis in this country .
Regardless of their income , we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all .
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet .
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support .
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union , it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions .
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic , civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes .
We must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  BernieInMN
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInMN
Ready for a radical idea ?  We're gonna invest in jobs and education , not more jails and incarceration .  BernieInMN
Speaking shortly in St .  Paul , MN .  There is a lot of enthusiasm out here !  Tune in LIVE here :   BernieInMN
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  BernieInMN
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work .  BernieInMN
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  That's   wrong .  BernieInMN
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  BernieInMN
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person should not be living in poverty .
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood .  Planned Parenthood is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded .
Experience is important , but so is judgement .  DemTownHall
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction .  DemTownHall
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemTownHall
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .  DemTownHall
I StandWithPP against those who want to take away a woman's   right to an abortion .
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes .
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers .
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security .  This woman's   story was heartbreaking .
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
The greed of the billionaire class , and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans .
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis , NH .  fitn
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short .
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all .
Physicians agree :  single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured .
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
Under my administration , Wall Street won't be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products .
If Wall Street does not end their greed , we will end it for them .
If we're going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone .  I was out front on that issue .
Hillary Clinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable .  We couldn't agree more .  - Jeff Weaver
Join Sarah Silverman George Lopez Kevin Nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26 .  Tickets here :
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .  Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure .
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors .
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy , the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it .
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing .
People are saying , How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires ?
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  We must lift the cap .
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications .
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America .  We can deliver change , but not by tinkering with the system at the margins .
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  Welcome to the political revolution .  WeAreBernie
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet .
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs .  nhpolitics
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus .  Take a couple minutes and listen to John's   story .
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be clear , it's   not a war that we're gonna allow them to win .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
I would expand initiatives that protect women's   health , access to contraception , and the availability of a safe and legal abortion .  Roe43
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade , resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment .
I join with Planned Parenthood , NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women's   right to choose .  Roe43
As president , I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman's   right to an abortion .  Roe43
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v .  Wade guaranteed a woman's   right to choose .
Despite major advances in civil and political rights , our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality .
If Democrats want to win the general election , frankly , I think I'm the stronger candidate .
What's   Clinton's   Secret Health Care Plan ?
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise .
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road .
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels .
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days .  cc :  Hillary Clinton
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Lati s don't have a high-speed internet connection at home .  They deserve a RightToConnect .
We must do all we can to provide all Americans , especially low-income families , affordable access to broadband .  RightToConnect
There needs to be a path back from prison , including a restoration of full voting rights .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  NHPolitics
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us , not just the 1 percent .  fitn
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption .
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .
ICYMI :  Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game :   iacaucus
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 .  It's   time to raise the minimum wage .
Corporate greed needs to end ;  they're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans .
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer , and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand .
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not .  RightToConnect
Where's   Clinton's   Climate Plan ?
I oppose the Bakken pipeline .  Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels , not increase our dependence .
The debate is over .  Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded .  This planet is in trouble .
It's   wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent .
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues .
I'll be on the Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show on MSNBC shortly .  Tune in now .  iacaucus
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process .  Our thoughts are with his family .
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service to engage in basic banking services .
If Congress continues to fail to act , as president I would uphold and expand the president's   action .
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action .
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country .  They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money .
Must read :  The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3 . 5 Billion
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking .
We need to look at addiction not as a crime , but a health issue .  BernieInAL
Health care is a right , not a privilege .  That's   why my plan will insure every American .
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE to Cornel West and Nina Turner in Alabama here :   BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say :  Enough is enough !   BernieinAL
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth .
This country was built by immigrants .  I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed .
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities .  We've gotta change that .
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .
Martin Luther King Jr :  This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  MLKDay
As we honor MLK , we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America .
Want to get on the front page of the paper ?  I have to make some vicious attack .  I won't do that .  DemDebate
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .   nytimes
If elected president , Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans .  DebateWithBernie
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights .  That's   why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act .  DemDebate
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
Where do the candidates get their money ?  DemDebate
It's   amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science .  DemDebate
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DemDebate
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs .  DebateWithBernie
We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  FeelTheBern
MedicareForAll will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade .
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemDebate
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth .
Bernie's   plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's   health over profits .   DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  DebateWithBernie
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities , including in training academies and leadership .  DemDebate
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation .  DemDebate
Polls confirm :  Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election .  DemDebate
In 1988 , Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons .  DemDebate
Our campaign is about thinking big :  health care for all , $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs .  DebateWithBernie
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically , socially and environmentally .  DebateWithBernie
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  FightFor15
Before we head to the DemDebate , I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the FightFor15 and a union .
MedicareForAll means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges .
My MedicareForAll plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans , including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured .
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my MedicareForAll plan .
It's   time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   DebateWithBernie
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for .  FITN
Streaming live right now discussing MLK's   legacy :
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including china , an authoritarian country 4 times our size .
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us , not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires .
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents , it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids .
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in .
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans .  That cannot continue .
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy .  That will change under my administration .
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking , investment banking , and insurance services .
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world .
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  The people of Flint deserve more than an apology .
Because of the conduct by Gov .  Snyder's   administration , families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives .
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .
Sanders Statement :  Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out .
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions .
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress .
And within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .
During the first 100 days of my administration , the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies .
Under my administration , Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs won't go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government .
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street .
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud .
As president , I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases .  KeepitintheGround
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands .  We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground .
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans .
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades .
So , yes , we are going to expand , not cut , Social Security benefits .  GOPDebate
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  GOPDebate
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  GOPDebate
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering .  During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  GOPDebate
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign .  They haven't seen the polls .  GOPDebate
Marco Rubio I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood .  GOPDebate
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's   income .  BernieInHanover
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's   pay equity .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government .
We can live in a nation where everyone , no matter their race , religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality .
In 2015 , a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago .  Public colleges should be tuition free .
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking .  fitn
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham .  RSVP here :   BernieInAL
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy .  BreakEmUp
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class , or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ?
Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis ;  recklessness on Wall Street did .  -
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking   to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future .
Flashback :  Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008
Tune in to   on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together , we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose .
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by banning the box .
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American , regardless of income .
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  Bernie2016
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a worker's   pursuit of happiness and economic productivity .
We need to ban prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full .
Healthcare must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible .
Proud to have the millions of MoveOn . org members join our people-powered campaign .  Welcome to the political revolution .
ICYMI - Joe Biden on our campaign :
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .  DemForum
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemForum
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular .  We've gotta change that .  DemForum
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  DemForum
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all , single-payer system .
If I am elected President , the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over .
The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again .  - Jesus Chuy Garcia
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home , we have the moral responsibility to protect them .
If voter turn out is low , if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see .
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country .
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man , woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people .
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low , that many of their workers are on Medicaid , food stamps and in subsidized housing .  BernieInIA
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street .  It is not the exception to the rule .  It is the rule .
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship .
Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico .
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders .
I'll be on This Week in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation .  Tune in !  ThisWeek
We must also cap ATM fees at $2 . 00 .  People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM .
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent .
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  PPL1stSummit
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country .  We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent .  PPL1stSummit
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change .
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  BernieInIA
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program .  BernieInIA
We will win in 2016 .  Not just the White House and the Congress , but Statehouses all across the country .  iacaucus
What we're doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this ?
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents .
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process .
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth , including china , an authoritarian country four times our size .  iacaucus
Here's   my pledge :  no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration .
What's   fair is fair .  All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage .  Period .
If President Johnson had taken the same position as Hillary Clinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare .
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security .
Just like Social Security , paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into .  Just $1 . 61 a week for the average worker .
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth .  That's   unacceptable .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
I am confident I would win .
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself .
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese .
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high .
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from .
What I've been saying loudly and clearly is :  We've gotta invest in more jobs and education , not jails and incarceration .
Sanders' Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation :
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
We've shown what's   possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .
In my view , it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM .
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable .
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada .
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity .
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
We need to take a hard look at the use of force .  Lethal force should be the last resort , not the first resort .
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  NVDemsCaucus
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution .
Here is a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !  NVDemsCaucus
It's   not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  NVDemsCaucus
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's   actions .  Solidarity in the fight for workers' dignity .
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory .  I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people .
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be very clear , it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
ICYMI :  Here's   my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they can't crash our economy again .  BreakEmUp
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
Join me for a special DFA Live conference call this Thursday .  RSVP here :
But we have something they don't have :  millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system .
Yes , Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them .  BreakEmUp
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement .
In my view , it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating .  BreakEmUp
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions , independent from Wall Street .  BreakEmUp
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free .  BreakEmUp
If we are serious about reforming our financial system , we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators .
Under my administration , Equal Justice Under Law will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans .  BreakEmUp
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  BreakEmUp
In my view , establishment politicians are the ones who need to cut it out .  Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks .
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry .  I disagree .  BreakEmUp
Within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .  BreakEmUp
Here is a New Year's   Resolution that we will keep :  If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them .  BreakEmUp
In 2008 , the greed , recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .  BreakEmUp
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .  BreakEmUp
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States .  BreakEmUp
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .  BreakEmUp
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  BreakEmUp
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .  BreakEmUp
I support President Obama's   executive actions to make our communities safer .
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .  BreakEmUp
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .  nhpolitics
As a result of Citizens United , some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires .  Not me .  fitn
I met a man who's   been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's   worried about his social security being garnished when he retires .
At this moment in history we need proven leadership that's   prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country .
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .  NHPSC
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages .  nhpsc fitn
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas , not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful .
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .
This campaign cannot be won by me alone .  That is absolutely for sure .  To win , all of us must be deeply involved .
Virginia , join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week :
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need .
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's   happening in America .
At the end of the day , the most important tool isn't a test .  It's   teachers who care about the children .
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements .  fitn
If I am elected president of the United States , the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end .
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  fitn
While Bernie is in Londonderry , volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors .  fitn
Q .  Why is my husband's   medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada ?  A :  Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists .
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence .  nhpolitics
We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices .
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps .  fitn
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
SCForBernie is ready to shock some people on election day and win the 1stInTheSouth primary .
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt , which allows billionaires to buy elections .
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections .
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .
Worcester , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInMA
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented , who are frightened , and who are living in the shadows .  BernieInMA
I voted against NAFTA , CAFTA , PNTR with china .  They have been a disaster for the American worker .  BernieInMA
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body .  I disagree .  BernieInMA
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics .  BernieInAmherst
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort .
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's   scientific community is saying .
Let's   better understand social and economic justice , tolerance , respect for all people and the environment .
Let's   make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America .
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear .
As 2015 comes to an end , my family , staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a HappyNewYear .
Together , we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember .
With prescription drugs soaring , tell me how one gets by on $13 ,000 a year ?  The answer is :  they don't .
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system .  We can do better than that .
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls , emails , and websites we visit .
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent .
I'm proud of this decision .  Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA .
We have seen far too many people , often African Americans , who are unarmed , shot and killed by police officers .
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system .
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free , we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt .
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans .  That is not what freedom is about .
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  IACaucus
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old , can expect to live to the age of 92 .  A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78 .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 16th in the world in terms of broadband access .
It's   important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world .
We should be making it easier , not harder for people to go solar .
We need a mass political movement in this country .  BernieInDavenport
It's   unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies , while the bottom 62% don't receive any .
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition .
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS , but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare .
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology .
First snowy day in Derry , NH and out talking about ending inequality .  nhpolitics Volunteer :
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors , we've got military families on food stamps .  Maybe we want to change that .
To those who want to divide us up :  No , we're not going to hate Latinos .  We're not going to hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights .  I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society .
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President BernieInVegas :
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal .
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us .
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding .  BernieInVegas
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division ,
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation , Nevada .  Up next on FOX5 Las Vegas BernieInVegas
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right .
If I were elected president , the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse .
The truth is , the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress .
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave .  BernieInReno
When Republicans talk about family values , they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood .  BernieInReno
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno , Nevada town hall .  Username :  Bernie . Sanders BernieInReno
Next year , four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm :  Goldman Sachs .
Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob .  - Franklin D .  Roosevelt
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer .
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened .
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory .
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare .
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq .
It's   time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas :
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency .  Why do we tolerate this ?
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope , a refuge for the oppressed .
Merry Christmas !
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent .
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make national health care sound scary .  It is not .
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records .
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here , not cast them out .
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do ?
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America .
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids :
When they divide us up , they win .  When we stand together as one people , we win .
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  School teachers and educators are real American heroes .
If Congress does not act , we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families .
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonald's   murder should be held accountable .
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do .
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .
I'm getting a very good feeling about Iowa .  Must read :
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ?
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America .
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people .
To rein in Wall Street , we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve .
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world .
It's   all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank .  NHPolitics Help reach NH voters :
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up .
We're gonna have some fun , we're gonna make a political revolution , we're gonna transform America .  Other than that , not much .  FeelTheBern
The second 100 days of the political revolution .  .  .
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case :
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America , I accept Wall Street not liking me .
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows .
I guess Christmas Eve was booked .  - Michael Briggs , Comms .  Director
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment .
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  And they've worked .
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole .
Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win ;  Breaks Major Fundraising Record
Corporate greed is rampant , and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .  DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH .  This is a crisis , and we need to treat it as a health issue-not throw people in jail .
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Jessica Hernandez , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more .
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemDebate
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  DebateWithBernie
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DebateWithBernie
CEO's   of large multinationals may like Hillary Clinton but they ain't gonna like me .  DemDebate
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .  DebateWithBernie
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege .
Bernie helped lead the effort against Bill Clinton who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class , the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy . DebateWithBernie
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  DebateWithBernie
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  Invest in infrastructure , not more war .  DemDebate
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  DebateWithBernie
I worry that Hillary Clinton is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be .
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DemDebate
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup - $200 billion a soccer event , yet very little to fight against ISIS .  DemDebate
I voted against the war in Iraq .  That was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone .
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  DemDebate
Bernie Sanders' gun record  ( 1994 )
There's   only one candidate on stage who voted against  ( and led the opposition to )  the Iraq War .  DebateWithBernie
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics .  DebateWithBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  DebateWithBernie
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  DemDebate
Make sure to add Bernie . sanders on Snapchat for updates throughout the DemDebate !
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs .
We can deliver change , but we can't do it by tinkering with the system at the margins .  We need a political revolution .
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation :  DebateWithBernie .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it .
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well .
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
I'm on the phone now with George Lopez Click here to listen in --&gt ;   UnidosConBernie
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  Join us :
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .
I'm proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign .
Brothers and sisters , let me thank the 700 ,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support .
I stand with United flight attendants as 24 ,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract .
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution .
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money , not just on elections , but for control of our media too .
My Iowa staff is doing a reddit AMA on Saturday !  Stay tuned for details .
I am calling on all of us in public life , including my fellow candidates for president , and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred .
If we stand for anything , we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism .
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages , the Fed's   decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families .
I voted against the war in Iraq , and that was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone .
Tune in right now on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill .
Let us not forget :  This country belongs to all of us , not just a handful of billionaires .
Fifth GOPDebate is over .  Like the first , not one word about income inequality , climate change , or racial justice .  The Rs are out of touch .
Still waiting , waiting , waiting .  GOPDebate
Hit mute on the GOPDebate and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system :
What's   reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  GOPDebate
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates !  FeelTheBern
A lot of talk about war .  No talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .  GOPDebate
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms .  GOPDebate
Repeat after me :  We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  GOPDebate
Pharma Bro's   Latest Move Targets Latinos .  Must Read :
Greed is destroying our economy .  What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us .
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1% .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street .
It is absurd that one family  ( the Waltons of Walmart has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .
Join me for a UnidosConBernie tele-town hall with George Lopez this Thursday .  RSVP here :
When people get out of jail , it is not easy for them to find a job .  It is not easy to return to civil society .  Lives are being destroyed .
This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa .  - Jeff Weaver , Campaign Manager
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .
deray mckesson We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore .  Read the new version here :
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country .
In my view , we need to invest in jobs and education , not jails and incarceration .
What's   radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college ?  NHPolitics
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty .
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  fitn
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work .
  builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all .  Honored to receive their endorsement .
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is totally inadequate .  We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country .  We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare .
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail .  iacaucus
A future we can believe in .  .  .
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for .  We have come a long way in seven months .  iacaucus
Iowa , together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement .  iacaucus
We must make sure that every veteran in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve .  iacaucus
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  iacaucus
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues .  nhpolitics
We are far from eradicating racism in this country .
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well .  Time for real change .
America's   Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority .  Must read :
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign :
We must work to unite families , not tear them apart .
In the year 2015 , we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago .
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day .
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant .  Period .  No excuses .  The Confederate flag on campus must come down .
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country .
It's   time for a single-payer health care system in America .  Bernie2016
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process .  Please go to  and become part of the political revolution .
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege .
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government .
I want kids whose parents don't- like my parents didn't - have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free .
We can take one simple , basic step right now :  keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Sign here :
We need , very clearly , major , major reform in a broken criminal justice system .  From top to bottom .
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour .  And I apologize to nobody for that .
We bailed out Wall Street .  It's   their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free .
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .
In the last 30 years , there has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction .
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasn't contributed a single nickel to the deficit .  Not a nickel .
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to IACaucus day .  Join them :
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont , New Hampshire .  nhpolitics
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , 800 ,000 of them , 30 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street .
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money .  I will break up these big banks .
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate .  This is a people's   campaign .  Together , we will win .
Let's   say it loud and clear :  Our government belongs to all of us , and not just a hand full of billionaires .  Bernie2016
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we are going to expand them .  We are going forward , not backwards .
Instead of cutting Medicare , or privatizing Medicare , we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right .
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  nhpolitics
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  TakeAStand with
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined :
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry .  The Veteran's   Administration does it , Medicare doesn't - that's   crazy .
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All !  Click here to sign up :
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race , gender , sexual orientation or country of origin .
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices .  Pfizer already has a poor record on that score .
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .
In an hour , I'll be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my Families First immigration plan .  Tune in :
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House .  PeopleBeforePolluters
ExxonKnew about climate change before anyone else did .  Now , they're lying about it for profit .  Enough-we must put PeopleBeforePolluters .
Climate change is an economic issue , health concern , and security threat all at once .  PeopleBeforePolluters
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science .  Enough is enough !  PeopleBeforeProfits
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  PeopleBeforeProfits
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet .  PeopleBeforePolluters
It's   time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters .  PeopleBeforePolluters
We must learn the lesson of Iraq .  American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East .
Happy Hanukkah !
PostalBanking is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders .  Join me to make it a reality .  Sign now :
In NH , Bob , a veteran , talks with another veteran about joining our movement .  nhpolitics
We are one world and one people .  And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering .
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should .
Why do we have people working 40 hours and can't afford to feed their kids ?  The answer is pretty simple :  wages in America are too damn low .
I'll be on Face The Nation shortly to discuss the major issues facing America .  Tune in now on CBS .
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
It's   time for instant background checks , ending the gun show loophole , and banning assault weapons .  People don't hunt with assault weapons .
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW
We will defend Planned Parenthood .  Solidarity
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt .
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class .  fitn
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .
We're excited to have launched our new Snapchat Follow us on the campaign trail :  bernie . sanders
We do not need a tough foreign policy , we need a smart foreign policy .  nhpolitics
In these difficult times , against vitriolic Republican rhetoric , we must protect a woman's   right to choose .  solidarity nhpolitics
Maybe , just maybe , we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration !  fitn
Packed house at Keene State University .  Tune in LIVE here :   nhpolitics
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Keene , New Hampshire LIVE NOW :
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies .  Solidarity
I StandWithPP and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .  Solidarity
Members of congress , mostly men I should add , are trying to roll back the clock on women's   reproductive rights .
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check .  That has gotta be eliminated .
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1 . 25 a day .
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people .  The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails .
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonald's   murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign .
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world .
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water .
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population - 3 . 5 billion people .
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250 ,000 a year .  Must read :
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity , it is an act of justice .  .  .  It is man-made and it can be overcome  .  .  .  - Nelson Mandela
Until we win single payer , we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer :
Make no mistake :  The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women .  We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose .
  for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us , not just the top 1 percent .
We must invest in our public institutions !  We stand with   in their fight for a fair contract .
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby .
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision .
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches , sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality .
The amazing staff   can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire .  StandwithPP
Democracy means one person one vote .  It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections .
Rosa Parks , by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus , inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation .
It's   absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them .  ExxonKnew
In the world's   richest nation , we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford .  WorldAIDSDay
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows .
We need to rethink the so-called War on Drugs and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act .
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta , we had a good week :
Congress does not regulate Wall Street , Wall Street regulates Congress .  Must read :
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change .  New Hampshire , join the political revolution :   fitn nhpolitics
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low .  Democrats win when voter turnout is high .  nhpolitics
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS .  That must change .
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed .
I am running for president because we must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  JJdinner
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families , not just for millionaires and billionaires .  fitn
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs .  NHDPJJ
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change .  They don't want the same-old , same-old .  They want a political revolution .
Tune in to the New Hampshire JJdinner LIVE NOW :   NHDPJJ
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .  JJDinner
Let's   get big money out of politics .  NHDPJJ
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors .
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen , we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare .  We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans .
Remember :  this is OUR movement .  New Hampshire , join the revolution here :   fitn
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's   doing .  I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income .  We can't leave 29 million uninsured .
We proudly StandWithPP of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it .
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads , bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment .
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons , the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion .  BlackFriday
With a net worth of more than $136 billion , the six Walmart heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans .  BlackFriday
Corporations are not people .
Walmart shouldn't be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid , food stamps , and government housing .  BlackFriday
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue .
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .
We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence .  - FDR
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel .  And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries .
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground .  Must read :
Why are we told that it's   OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border ?
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire .  I am very proud of our movement .  NHPolitics
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonald's   murder .
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right .  Let's   change that .
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system .
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows .
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  Read my immigration plan here :
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote .  We must engage people back into the democratic system .
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party - just one family .  That is oligarchy .
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically .
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue , not a criminal issue .  BernieInATL
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInATL
Dr .  King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans .
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
I am running for one simple reason :  I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation .
I'm not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad , but to rebuild America's   strength at home .
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation .
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal .
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 under our plan for raising wages .
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's   important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child .
By providing Medicare for everyone , we can save the typical family making $50 ,000 more than $5 ,000 each year .
We should strengthen and expand Social Security .  Read our plan here :
We need police forces , including leadership and training departments , that reflect the diversity of our communities .
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers .
It's   very expensive to be poor .  2020Approach
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  2020Approach
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  2020Approach
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Walter Scott , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more .
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue :  the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody .  2020Approach
Together , we can dismantle this corrupt political system - one phone call , one flyer , one conversation at a time .
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American people's   desire for real change .  BernieInSC
Disappointed that Hillary Clinton doesn't think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5 ,000 a year .
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity .
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists .
Our grassroots movement is organizing , communicating , and connecting in communities across the country .  Join us :
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows .
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :
We need a movement which , once and for all , will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system .
The executive action taken by President Obama a year ago was the right thing to do .  It's   time to end the politics of division .  DAPAanniversary
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege .
Join us Monday night in Atlanta .  RSVP here :
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution and our religious freedoms .
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed .  Justice4Jamar
I'll be in South Carolina this weekend .  Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access .
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
One thing is for sure :  the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours .  And I am sure that if we stand together , we will win .
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !
No President can take on corporate interests alone .  We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people .
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say , enough is enough .
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution in this country , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed , but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone .  BernieAtGU
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that BlackLivesMatter .
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  BernieAtGU
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity .
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people , not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person will not be living in poverty .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free .  BernieAtGU
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money .  BernieAtGU
In my view , it's   time we had democratic socialism for working families ;  not just Wall Street , billionaires and big corporations .  BernieAtGU
This country has socialism for the rich , and rugged individualism for the poor .  - Martin Luther King , Jr BernieAtGU
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old , same old establishment politics will not effectively address it .
LIVE now :  Bernie on democratic socialism in America :   BernieAtGU
We always knew we would be outspent , but we can make sure we're not out-organized .  Join our campaign :
If we are going to end a corrupt political system , it's   going to take a movement who will rise up , stand together and say enough is enough !
Real change does not happen from the top down .  It happens from the bottom up .  Bernie2016
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent .
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans - fighting racism , fighting xenophobia , fighting fear .
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats .
As Americans , we will not be terrorized .  We will not live in fear .
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric .  But we are a strong enough nation to say we're not going to lose who we are as a people .
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  Join our movement :
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1% .  It's   time for a political revolution .
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine .
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough .  This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top .
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage .
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education , not in more jails and incarceration .
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the FightFor15 .  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage .
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .
I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country .  Who said it ?
The current immigration system discriminates against women , and has got to stop .  Women are often the breadwinners of families .
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies .
During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  We will not turn our backs on refugees .
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men .  That is plain sexism .
We don't want Wall Street's   money .  This is a people's   campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people .  BernieInTheCLE
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers .
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections .
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship .
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home .
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country .
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds ?
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar , entonces es demasiado grande para existir .
Now is NOT the time for the same old , same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family and medical leave to workers .
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other - disproportionately people of color .
I'm excited too !  RSVP here :   BernieInTheCLE
Tune in to Face The Nation for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people , by the people and for the people .
The political revolution is coming , baby !  Come with us .  - Nina Turner
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies .
It's   not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base , excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016 .  DebateWithBernie
We're relying on more than 1 . 5 million contributions at $30 a piece .  Join our movement :
Wall Street plays by the rules ?  Who are we kidding ?  The business model of Wall Street is fraud .  DebateWithBernie
It's   hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .
There's   only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right .  DebateWithBernie
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  DebateWithBernie
As a former veterans committee chairman , Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families .
The disastrous invasion of Iraq , which I opposed , has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS .  DebateWithBernie
Leading the world , this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS .
In the year 2015 , we should not be debating a woman's   right to choose .
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt .  This has got to change .
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest Nina Turner RSVP here :
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer .  Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo .
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's   supporting our movement .  nhpolitics
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice , for environmental sanity and for peace .
When we all stand together , there is nothing , nothing that we cannot accomplish .
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap :
We are very humbled to have the support of Nina Turner a strong fighter for the people of Ohio .
Bernie walks the walk .  - Mark Dimondstein , APWU National President
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income .  MillionStudentMarch
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity .  This shouldn't happen in America .
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows .  And , that must happen sooner , rather than later .
I'm listening to the BlackOnCampus conversation .  It's   time to address structural racism on college campuses .
It's   not just income and wealth inequality .  It's   not just corporate control over the media .  The real issue is :  Who's   gonna stand up to them ?
When the peace treaty is signed , the war isn't over for the veterans , or the family .  It's   just starting .  - Karl Marlantes
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
The cost of war is real , and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country .  VeteransDay
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us .
Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .  GOPDebate
We already have the biggest military in the world , yet veterans sleep out on the streets .  Will Republicans talk about this ?  GOPDebate
We will close the income inequality gap between the rich and the rest of us .
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .
Bike canvassing is one way our organizers in NH help reduce the use of fossil fuels while reaching voters .  fitn
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I strongly disagree .
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security .  That is unacceptable .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  FightFor15
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country .
Our organizers in Manchester are working hard to build the political revolution this country needs .  nhpolitics
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .
We are the most powerful military in the world .  .  .  but we must understand that war is the last resort , not the first .
I will direct my Administration to extend humane treatment and asylum to victims of domestic violence and unaccompanied minors .
I will direct immigration officers to immediately stop initiating deportations against those eligible for relief .
I will expand upon President Obama's   executive actions to provide broad Administrative relief to the parents of DREAMers .
At a time when more than 60% of Americans don't vote , we must make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work .
The American people are sick and tired of having more wealth and income inequality than any other major developed country on Earth .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
I will establish immigration policies that keep families together , not divide them .  BernieInVegas
Our great country and our gov't belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInVegas
People in Nevada and in the rest of America are fighting and demanding a political revolution .  BernieInVegas
We can , and must , be a nation in which we do not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major developed country on earth .
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We have got to end this outrageous voter suppression which is taking place in dozens of states .
Classifying marijuana in the same category as cocaine ignores the major issue .
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  BernieInSC
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .
Shop for union-made items in the Bernie Store and help fund the political revolution !
I'm proud to have the support of all of the volunteers at our Bernie Camp trainings across NH this weekend .  When we organize , we win .  fitn
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
If the Republicans can't face a free election , they should get another job .  VotingRights
Our campaign has the excitement and the energy to win in the South and all over this country .  DemForum
People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy .  DemForum
Back in 1988 , I said it is wrong in this country for people to be buying assault weapons designed just to kill human beings .  DemForum
Dream job :  President of CNN .
I would not have run for president if I believed that establishment politics and economics could solve the problems we face .  DemForum
I said no to Keystone on day one .  DemForum
Our agenda invests $1 trillion into building roads , bridges and infrastructure to create or maintain 13 million jobs .  DemForum
We are going to invest in jobs and education for the kids of this country , rather than jails and incarceration .  DemForum
The Keystone pipeline victory is about millions of people demanding real change .  That's   what our campaign is about too .  MSNBC2016
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ?
Anybody who is suppressing the vote , who is intentionally trying to keep people from voting is a political coward .
The KeystoneXL rejection is a triumph for a grassroots movement that demanded the necessary and refused to give in .  When we organize , we win .
Our new TV spot is narrated by someone special from House of Cards .  Name that voice .
As a leader in the opposition to Keystone XL from Day 1 , I strongly applaud the president's   decision to kill this project once and for all .
Exxon knew the truth about climate change and lied to protect their profits .  DOJ should follow NY's   lead .  ExxonKnew
We need trade policies in this country that work for the working families of our nation , not just CEOs of large multi-national corporations .
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country .
Congress cannot regulate Wall Street .  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up .
Now that the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership has finally been released , it is even worse than I thought .
My friends , a political revolution is coming to New Hampshire and it's   coming to America .  fitn
We cannot end DACA .  We must fight to expand this successful program to legal limits .  A president must be consistent on immigration .
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised .
Nothing significant happens in terms of change unless a movement takes place .  That's   what we're building together .
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program .
We must tell the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are less important than caring for our planet .
Every Democratic presidential candidate serious about addressing climate change should pledge to end fossil fuel leasing on public lands .
The science is clear :  we need act to keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Let's   start with our public lands and waters .  KeepItInTheGround
The debate is over .  Climate change is real , it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems .  KeepItInTheGround
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
Like many other polls , the NBC/WSJ poll shows our campaign is the best shot for Democrats heading into the general .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people .
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .
Democracy is not a spectator sport .  We must be truly engaged if we want to make real change .  Go vote .  ElectionDay
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
I'm not a great pitcher .  But Dylan's   going from t-ball to AA and in two years the majors .
Tune in now to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC for a discussion on the issues facing working families in our country .
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
In America , we have a casino-capitalist society in which a handful of very wealthy exercise enormous control over our economy and politics .
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege .
It's   unacceptable that , at every turn , huge companies use their power to cut wages , cut benefits and cut pensions .  Their greed has no end .
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
I remember reading picture books of World War II with tears coming out of my eyes .  We've got to stand together and end all forms of racism .
Trick-or-treating with my grandkids Sunnee , Grayson and Ryleigh in New Hampshire .  Happy halloween !
Happy Halloween !
As the largest and most powerful military in the world , we need to use military force as a last resort , not a first resort .
We must stand up to the corporate interests and Wall Street to create a government that works for all people and not just the billionaires .
Smile !  It's   time to take a selfie .  We're making some TV and online ads and want our supporters in them .
The American people must make a fundamental decision .  Do we continue the 40-year decline of our .  .  .
There is something very wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .  nhpolitics
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change .
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  Must read :
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :
The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana .  Must read :
In many states , it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That must change .  YesOnProp1
I don't think that people should be making profit by seeing more and more people go into jail .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
Although use is about the same , a black person is almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person .
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .
There is something wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .
Last week , I called on DOJ to investigate ExxonMobil to GetTheFacts on why they lied about climate change .
At a time of rampant violence and murder , the State should not be part of that process .  We should abolish the death penalty .
It's   time for the United States to join almost every other Western , industrialized country on Earth in saying no to the death penalty .
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government's   list of outlawed drugs .
This is what I think .  And let me be very personal here .  .  .
Which one will the billionaire class choose ?  TheirMoneyTheirVote GOPDebate
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana , but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted .
We must do all we can to help the 3 . 5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico improve its economy and lift its children out of poverty .
The reality is that since the mid-1980s we have seen the Robin Hood principle in reverse .  That is unacceptable and that has got to change .
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth .
The gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s .
Yeah , we can win .
The American people are angry because they know the recession wasn't caused by the working families of this country .
We're going to demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies .
We have got to move in an aggressive way to move our energy system away from fossil fuels .
The pharmaceutical industry , along with Wall St .  , is the most powerful lobbying force in Washington .  They never lose .  This has got to end .
Tune in now to The View on ABC for a discussion on making America work for middle and working class families again .
Private companies should not be profiting from the incarceration of human beings .
A college degree is the new high school diploma .  An education should be available to all regardless of anyone's   economic situation .
Eight years ago the experts talked about how another Democratic candidate for president couldn't win .  His name is President Obama .
We can create a nation where every veteran who puts their life on the line for us will get quality health care .
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .
Bernie is the only Democratic candidate for president who does not have a Super PAC .  He is proving them wrong .
What this campaign is about is standing up and taking back our government from a handful of billionaires .  IDPJJ
While other candidates may have more money , we have the people .  Let's   show them what happens when we unite .  IDPJJ
The American people understand that establishment politics is not working for the middle class .  - IDPJJ Rally
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  IDPJJ
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  IDPJJ
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  We still have not achieved that .
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people .
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America .
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ?
I worry very much that our country , both economically and politically , is sliding into oligarchy .
In the last 30 years there's   been a massive redistribution of wealth in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Unfortunately , it has gone in the wrong direction .
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe .
The people in Puerto Rico should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of investors can make even more money .
We must take on special interests and act boldly on behalf of the American people .
A couple of weeks ago , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government made a decision that will negatively impact almost 70 million people .
We need an economy that works for working families .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .
In the 1970s , Exxon's   scientists found climate change was real and potentially very dangerous .  Then Exxon denied it .
The future of America is with our children .  How can we have a great country if we aren't educating our children the way we should ?
It is time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free in the United States .
What did I think of Larry David's   impersonation ?  Well , I thought it was pretty , pretty , pretty good !
We must end outrageously high prison phone call charges and ensure incarcerated individuals are able to connect with their families .
To address the serious problems we face we need nothing short of a mass grassroots movement .  Join me on October 28 :
There was a time when higher education was pretty close to free in this country , at least for many Americans .
29 million Americans still have no health insurance .  A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right .
Tell me , future boy , who's   President of the United States in 2017 ?  Bernie Sanders .  Bernie Sanders ?  !  From Vermont ?
At a time when the rich are getting richer , Puerto Rico now has more income inequality than any 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 state .  That is unacceptable .
We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all our children .  - Vice President Joe Biden
I also commend VP's   outlining of an agenda to make college free , fight economic inequality , close tax loopholes and protect dignity for all .
I thank Vice President Biden for his continued service to the nation and his support of the middle class .
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt .
War must be the last recourse in international relations , not the first .
I am a candidate who will take on the pharmaceutical industry to demand that prescription drug costs in this country are reduced .
We need a progressive income tax so we don't have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses .
It is time to create an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people on top :
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of our people as a right .
The racist signs against   in Lewiston have no place in our society .
We are the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave .  That is an international embarrassment .
We need to have one of the larger voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .  We need to raise public consciousness .
At a time when 1-in-5 cannot afford to fill their prescription drugs , we need a president who will stand up to big pharmaceutical companies .
If the middle class of this country is gonna survive , we need some very profound changes in the way we do business in this country .
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change , the planet we're leaving our kids and our grandchildren may not be habitable .
Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little ?  No , I don't .
Our economic and political systems are stacked against ordinary Americans .  The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections .
The fossil fuel industry is funding the Republican Party , a Party which denies the reality of climate change .
New Franklin Pierce Boston Herald poll shows our campaign beating Hillary Clinton by double digits in NH :
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
Our job must be to expand , not cut , Social Security .
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution .
Best line of the night :   check it out .  It's   a mess .  DebateWithLarry DemDebate
We must end programs that not only permit , but reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remains the only major country that does not guarantee health care for all as a right .  This is wrong and we are going to change it .
As a result of the disastrous Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case , the American political system has been totally corrupted .
We must demand that the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes .  Must read :
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class .
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .
ExxonKnew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet .
Glad to see the The White House canceling Arctic drilling leases .  I've opposed harmful Arctic drilling for years .
Our campaign is a People's   Campaign .  We don't have a Super PAC or rely on money from billionaires and corporations .
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills .
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
BlackLivesMatter .  Those words matter .
The latest data found that 22 percent of males in prison were Hispanic and 37 percent were African American .  That is unacceptable .
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people .
In my view , there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years , saw their wealth increase by $170 billion .
The debate is over .  Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activity .  It is already causing devastating problems around the world .
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ?
Going to the big banks and saying Please do the right thing !  is kind of naive .  We have got to break up these too-big-to-fail banks .
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires .
It is wrong to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their families and friends .
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and the proposals that effectively address those needs .
I believe in a society where all people do well .  Not just a handful of billionaires .
No Republican or anyone up here can address these problems unless millions stand up to the billionaire class .
We need to rethink our criminal justice system .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie
Under a GOP majority in the House , Bernie was called the amendment king for passing more amendments than any other lawmaker .  DemDebate
Ana Marie Cox Only non-billionaire candidate who does not have a super PAC .
Bernie introduced a bill to tax carbon and transform our energy system - the gold standard of climate legislation .  DebateWithBernie
Our Q3 fundraising numbers are proof we can raise what we need to compete - and we're doing it without begging millionaires or billionaires .
The only way we transform America is through a political revolution .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie
Join the political revolution :   DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   legislation would break up too big to fail banks .  DebateWithBernie
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard .
Right now , billionaires pay the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  Bernie would lift this cap .
America should join Germany , Denmark , Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college .  DebateWithBernie
In the 1800s we made public elementary and high schools free .  Now we need to make public colleges tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
Clinton cabinet member Robert Reich compares HillaryClinton's   Wall Street plan and Bernie's   :
Remember when Bernie led the fight in 1999 against repealing Glass-Steagall and deregulating Wall Street ?  DebateWithBernie
Bernie voted against the Iraq War - one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history DebateWithBernie
I believe in a society where all people do well , not just a handful of billionaires .  -Bernie DemDebate
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders ?  DebateWithBernie
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation with DebateWithBernie
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  DebateWithBernie
We need a movement which takes on the economic establishment , not one which is part of it .  DebateWithBernie
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral , economic and political issue of our time .  And we will address it .
This campaign is about the needs of the American people , and the ideas and proposals that effectively address those needs .  DemDebate
We must recreate our criminal justice system , but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
Think big , and not small .  When we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend us .  We are not going to turn our backs on them .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .
I have opposed Keystone from day one .  The Keystone pipeline would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet .
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .
We will no longer tolerate CEOs and managers who intimidate or threaten pro-union workers .
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2 . 2% of the nation's   wealth .
Shamefully , the TPP would allow large corporations to continue to pad their profits by exploiting some of the world's   poorest workers .
This campaign is about returning to a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  BernieInBoulder
Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act - very important bipartisan work indeed .
Join other Bernie2016 supporters in thanking   for his endorsement :
I'm excited to be speaking in Boulder in a couple of hours to discuss rebuilding our middle class .  BernieInBoulder
Five major reasons I opposed the war in Iraq :
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .
At a time when millions cannot afford the prescription drugs they need , we need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to big pharma .
We will no longer tolerate CEOs who threaten to move plants to china if their workers vote in favor of a union .
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  BernieInTucson
We want police departments that look like the communities they are serving .
We will not tolerate CEOs who fire workers for exercising their constitutional right to form a union .
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class , we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country .
My view is that a woman has the right to make decisions regarding her own body , not the United States government .
Social Security has not contributed one dime to the national debt or deficit .
Three major drug companies made $45 billion in profit last year .  That's   obscene when millions of people can't afford drugs .
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .
We need to move away from using war as a means to end problems .
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .
Many Republicans claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .
It's   WRONG to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their friends and families .  Plain and simple .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
We must provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country .  We cannot turn our backs on them .
In many cities all over our country , the incentives for policing are upside down .
The TPP will make it easier for multinational corporations to degrade the global environment .  We must defeat it .
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  TPP
Together we must end the distinction of the United States having more people in jail than any other country .  CHCI
I am honored to be speaking at the CHCI Presidential Forum .  2015HHM
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system .
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy .
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment , not one which is part of it .
The more we raise public consciousness in this country the better we do and the better our nation does .
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers .
The TPP wouldn't just hurt American jobs and lower wages .  It poses a major threat to our environment as well .  StopTPP
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions , not harder .
Our campaign is the best suited to beat Republicans in key states in a general election .
De cada cinco estadounidenses , aproximadamente uno no puede llenar su receta por culpa de los altos costos .
New polls confirm what we've known for a long time -- we can win in both the primary and general elections .
As a kid I learned , in many , many ways , what lack of money means to a family .  That's   a lesson I have never forgotten .
New NBC poll shows we're a better fit to beat the Republicans in key swing states .
Wall Street cannot continue to be an island unto itself , gambling trillions while expecting the public to bail it out .
Wall Street and big corporations just won a big victory .  Now it's   on us to stop the TPP from becoming law .  StopTPP
We need to demilitarize local police departments so that they do not look like occupying armies .
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  StopTPP
It is time to stop letting multi-national corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense .   StopTPP
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again :
We need to end the tragic reality that a disproportionate number of those who are in jail are Hispanic and African American .
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win .
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement .
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .
I am asking people to be part of a political revolution to transform our country economically , politically , socially and environmentally .
Boston , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInBoston
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity for women !  BernieInMA
Let me be as clear as I can be :  I don't have a super PAC , I don't want a super PAC , and I don't NEED a super PAC .
Bernie is that rare politician that says what he means and means what he says .  - Bill McKibben BernieInMA
There is a lot of enthusiasm here in Boston , MA !  BernieInMA
We must get private companies out of immigration detention and end the absurd quota on ICE to fill at least 34 ,000 beds on any given day .
Looks like Springfield , MA is ready for a political revolution .  BernieInMA
58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .  BernieInMA
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests .
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change .
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
This campaign is driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination .
All of these ideas , I knew in my heart , would resonate with the American people .  .  .  .
What the Pope is saying in so many words is there is something very wrong in this world when so few have so much and so many have so little .
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders or anyone else .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people who are hurting .
Women will live 12 years longer in Marin County , CA than in Perry County , KY .  The reason ?  One county is wealthy , the other is poor .
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .
We have got to end the tragic reality that the United States of America has more people living in jail than any other country .
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt .
That is the nation we can build together .  Join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .
The right has claimed the mantle of family values for far too long .
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in .
Change takes place when people , by the millions , determine that the world they see in front of them is not the world that should be .
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  Must read :
Big sale in the Bernie Store !  25% off all orders with discount code Twitter25 .  Shop now :
Every other major country on earth regulates the price of prescription drugs .  We don't .  That has got to end .
Check it out !  Our friends Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield stopped by for a visit :
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top one percent .  Corporate greed is destroying our economy .
If we don't allow our opponents to divide us , if we stand together and are united , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status .
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media .
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .
I StandWithPP .  These attacks come from those who simply don't believe women have a right to control their own bodies .  I disagree .  PinkOut
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .
The Establishment may not be happy to hear it , but this campaign is on the move - and on the road to victory .
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right .
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .
Unlike virtually every other campaign , we don't have a Super PAC which collects money from billionaires and corporations .
In many states , it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That is wrong and must end .
We live in the one of the wealthiest countries on earth , yet children go hungry and veterans sleep out on the streets .
It's   time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty , not keep them in it .
It's   time to end the morally repugnant practice that is profiting from imprisoning people .  - Mason City , IA
Private prison corporations and their affiliates do everything they can to make a buck off people in prison-and their families .
I'm profoundly disgusted by the racism addressed at the 11 million undocumented people in this country .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination .
American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections or trying to buy elections .
Congress does not regulate Wall Street ;  Wall Street regulates Congress .  But the time has come to say enough is enough !
We're not going to be breaking up families .  We're going to be uniting families .
As President , my trade policies will break that cycle of agreements that enrich the few at the expense of working people .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly .
Enough is enough .
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .
Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit .  It is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
We need to provide a way out of jail back into society and we need to take a hard look at the war on drugs .
We must provide legal status to the undocumented .  We need comprehensive immigration reform , and we need a path towards citizenship .
There are some 11 million undocumented people in this country , living in fear of deportation and often exploited economically .
Can't Jeb Bush and the GOP run a campaign without attacking African Americans , Latinos , Muslims or other people ?
Pathetic .  Jeb Bush wants more tax breaks for his billionaire friends while cutting help for working people .
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .
We should expand DACA to include the parents of citizens , parents of legal permanent residents , and the parents of DREAMERs .
Imposing an excise tax on health plans would be a disaster for millions of middle class Americans .  Must Read :
This is a party whose ideology is way out of touch with the American people .
It appears that even a conservative speaker like John Boehner is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House .
America must defend freedom at home and abroad , but we must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action .
If a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Period .
What the pope has been saying in a very profound and deep way is that casino-type capitalism is causing devastating problems .
We must hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable when they defraud the American people .
I knew from an early age which side I am on
I oppose tying comprehensive immigration reform to unrealistic and unwise border patrol proposals like the building of a border fence .
In citing Dorothy Day , the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world .
Join me on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on Pope Francis' address to Congress .
The pope is right in saying all of us must address the grotesque income and wealth inequality we are seeing throughout the world .
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West
Thousands of people die every single year because they don't have health insurance .  But the media doesn't cover that .  That ain't big news .
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must put an end to this shameful industry .
We have the moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels .
The United States is experiencing a major human tragedy .  We have more people in jail than any other country on earth .
America is a nation of immigrants and we should pursue policies that recognize the value of our immigrant brothers and sisters .
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans .
Access to health care is a human right , and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs .
The debate is over .  Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .
Time .  .  .  seems to be running out ;  we are not yet tearing one another apart , but we are tearing apart our common home .  -
I'll be on All In w/Chris Hayes coming up on MSNBC Tune in !
In America , we should be celebrating our democracy and participating in the political process .  Register to vote :
These organizing efforts we've seen sprouting across the country are nothing short of extraordinary .  FeelTheBern
I'm glad that Hillary Clinton finally has made a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline and I welcome her opposition .
I welcome Pope Francis to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  It is important for all of us to understand fully his call for social and economic justice .  PopeinUS
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians .
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies .
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 per cent of the American people .  That is profoundly wrong .
This should not be happening in the United States of America - but it is .  Must read :
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed , and the worship of money , is not what human existence should be about .
Coming up next !  I'll be on the The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Tune in now .
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody .
Saw the GOP debate .  They forgot to tell us when Bush left office our financial system was on the verge of collapse .
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war .
We need a movement that takes on the political establishment , not one that is part of it .
This is a people's   campaign and we will win or lose based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth .
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .  BernieatUNH
People should be elected to office based on their ideas , not their religion or the color of their skin .
It took us too long to overcome the prejudice against electing a Catholic or an African-American president .
I am very disappointed that Dr .  Carson would suggest that a Muslim should not become president of the United States .
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
One of my highest priorities has been ensuring that our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned .
We must continue the fight to strengthen the Postal Service .
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people in our country .
Instead of cutting benefits for our veterans , we must ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share .
We have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who put their lives on the line to defend us .
We will win because we are going to create an unprecedented grass-roots movement for real change in this country .
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
We will win in 2016 based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .  nhpolitics
I know which side I am on .  I am a proud progressive , prepared to stand with the working families of this country .  nhpolitics
Looking forward to speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention nhpolitics NHDems2016
I don't support the agenda of corporate America or the billionaire class .
Coming up !  Catch me on the The Late Show for an interesting discussion !
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world .
Private prisons are not cheaper , they are not safer , and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state .
Over 125 Artists , Musicians and Cultural Leaders unite for Bernie !  See the list and join us at
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections .
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up .
Let's   stop the racism .  Let's   stop the xenophobia .
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree .
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .
The American people are sick and tired of politics as usual and negative campaigning .
Health care as a right is is not utopian .  It is not 'high in the sky' thinking .  In fact , every other major country already does it .
We have got to end the private prison racket in America .
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say .
We take from the poor and we give to the rich - that is the Republican philosophy .
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !
Does anyone know .  .  .  when will this debate finally end ?  DebateWithBernie
What about the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United allowing billionaires to fund Jeb Bush and the others .  DebateWithBernie
Just what we need .  More neocon policies to continue the Bush legacy .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie Sanders That was sarcasm , by the way .
Yup .  Bush was a great president .  Yes .  No doubt .  Great president .  All Obama's   fault .  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush - yes .  Let's   continue the great ideas that got us into Iraq .  Fine idea .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Okay .  Let's   vote for Reagan .  Sounds better than any of these guys .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
The American people overwhelmingly want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Too bad , the Republicans don't .  DebateWithBernie
Dr .  Rand Paul - wrong .  We've lost millions of jobs because of our disastrous trade policies .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of great inequality , there isn't one R on stage who doesn't think we should give huge tax brks to billionaires .  DebateWithBernie
Jobs .  Let's   talk George W .  Bush and trickle down economics .  When he left office , we were losing 800k a month .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Vast majority understand we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Is there any R who agrees ?  Will they discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Anyone on the stage , maybe just maybe , think we might want to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship ?  Anyone ?
Rich get richer .  Median fmly income $5k less than in 1999 .  One of the highest rates of childhood poverty .  Any discussion ?  DebateWithBernie
Rich get richer .  Everyone else gets poorer .  And all these guys can talk about is war and defunding Planned Parenthood .  DebateWithBernie
Waiting , waiting , waiting .  Will we hear anything about racial justice , income inequality or making college affordable ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anyone on that stage believe the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies ?  Anyone ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anybody on the stage believe that our gay brothers and sisters have the same rights as the rest of us ?  Anybody ?  DebateWithBernie
War , war , war .  When do we get to their other major priority :  tax breaks for billionaires ?  DebateWithBernie
Can these guys talk about anything other than their desire to go to war ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will they ever talk about climate change as a foreign policy issue ?  Or talk about it all ?  DebateWithBernie
Gee .  How come these guys are not talking about the great success of Bush's   foreign policy and the war in Iraq ?  DebateWithBernie
Now we're really getting to the Republican talking points .  More money for war and confrontation .  DebateWithBernie
Kasich :  Let's   get to issues .  How about income inequality , climate change and childhood poverty ?  Think they'll discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Rubio knows California has a drought .  Will he have the courage to connect that to climate change or reject the science ?  DebateWithBernie
As a result of Citizens United , billionaires are now controlling our politics .  Will any R support the overturn ?  Let's   see .  DebateWithBernie
Live-tweeting the debate starting now .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
I hope Americans don't forget that when President Bush left office we were hemorrhaging 800 ,000 jobs a month .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
We stand with MoveOn . org against attacks by David Brock , head of HRC super PAC .
When workers have unions , they have a clear path to getting health care , sick days , basic safety precautions , and better pay .
It's   time to break up the banks .  Their casino-style gambling has helped divert 99 percent of all new income to the top one percent .
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Some of these people have marched , incredibly , with the NAACP for a thousand miles .  JusticeSummer
We are a few steps from Arlington Cemetery where people fought and died for democracy , not to make it harder to vote .
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe .
Overall health spending would go down by nearly $5 trillion under a Medicare-for-all program .  Plus we'd save thousands of lives .
Virtually every campaign for president has a super PAC funded by millionaires or billionaires .  Not me .
Our nation spends more than any other on health care .  We could be saving a lot of that money if we switched to a Medicare-for-all system .
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .
It is not utopian thinking to say that every man , woman and child should have access to health care as a right .
We are going to fight tooth and nail Republican efforts to suppress the vote .  BernieInVA
We have got to recognize that the United States has a major jobs crisis and that is why we need a major jobs program .  BernieInVA
The Republican candidates are saying that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't have the right to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInVA
It's   a shame that we have more people in jail than any country on the planet - including communist china .  BernieInVA
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , and not to a handful of billionaires .  BernieinVA
Workers have the constitutional right to form unions , collectively bargain and participate in the political process .
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war .
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country ?
It is harder , but not less important , to try and communicate with those who do not agree with us on every issue .
Tune in for my remarks at the Liberty University Convocation here :
It is important for those with different views in our country to engage in civil discourse .
Too much attention is paid to political gossip and polls , not enough attention paid to the needs of working families .
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
Word of the day :  enthusiasm .
We're going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  BernieinNC
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right !
There is a very profound disgust in this country at our current campaign finance system .
The more people get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  -Michael Briggs , Comms Director
We should not have more people in jail than any other country .  We should have the best educated population .
War Should Be the Last Option :  Why I Support the iran Deal
 .  .  . why I am opposed to giving the President a blank check to launch a unilateral invasion of Iraq .  Must read :
It's   not a terribly radical idea that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BernieinSC
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .
What I love about brother Bernie is that he is a brother of integrity and honesty and decency .  - Cornel West
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West
I'm looking forward to discussing the major issues facing our nation with Cornel West this weekend in SC BernieinSC
Looking for the latest campaign news , updates and progression ?  Visit Democracy Daily :
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .  I plan to do just that .
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women doing the same work get the same salaries .
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this country are not living in poverty .
We are in need of a political revolution that says a billionaire class can't have it all .  Bernie2016
The crowd is starting to build up in Atlanta .  It's   clear to me that the message is resonating across the country .
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States of America has gone up by more than 90% since 2002 .
One out of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
What democracy is about is knocking on people's   doors and sitting down and talking to them face to face .
Wall Street's   greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since Great Depression .
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward .
We've gotta fight for a vibrant democracy , and for an economy that works for all people and not just a handful of wealthy people .
The American middle class , for the last 40 years , has been disappearing .
We have got to do something bold about college tuition and debt .  We bailed out Wall Street , now it's   Wall Street's   time to help us out .
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .
We have the lead in Iowa !  Help us keep up the momentum .
I don't have a SuperPAC .  I'm not gonna take money from billionaires .  I don't want their money .  - on The Situation Room
The United States and the world have to be deeply committed to trying to bring stability to these countries stricken with refugee crises .
Tune in to The Situation Room now for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Not only will I fight to protect working families , we're going to build a movement of millions who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Enough is enough .  This nation and its government belong to all of the people .
Last year , 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it .
What good is it to live in the richest country on earth , if so many of our people cannot afford medications that could save their lives ?
Corporations should not be allowed to lobby federal , state , and local governments to lock up as many people as possible .
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement .  iranDeal
If the American people are not prepared to fight back , the dismantling of Social Security could begin in the very near future .
Those who have made every effort to thwart the diplomatic process , are the same who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq .
I voted against the war in Iraq .  Sadly , much of what I feared in fact did happen .  I do not want to see it happen again .  iranDeal
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control .
We must end the mandatory quota of immigrants detained and require ICE to improve monitoring of detention facilities .
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security .
We need bold change in our criminal justice system .  A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings .
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy .
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth .
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .
A significant reason for the growing inequality in our economy is that the rights of workers to collectively bargain have been undermined .
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world - by far .
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  The current federal minimum wage is starvation pay and must become a living wage .
Working people and their unions fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class .
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top , while millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages .
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country , and not just the 1 percent .
It's   a beautiful day out for our Concord , NH campaign office opening .
What makes our campaign different is we're doing this at the grassroots .
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave to workers .
This Labor Day let's   also honor the men and women who have fought for the rights of working people .
The security and strength of a union job means that workers can have good pay , health care , and a voice at work .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
Against overwhelming odds , the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better .
I believe that at the end of the day when people come together , when people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us .
The only way we win this thing is when people come together .  They have the money , they have the power , but we have the people .
Our job , as Americans , is to lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency .
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet in a habitable way for our children and our grandchildren .
Not only do we need to overturn Citizens United , but we also need to move to public funding of elections .
Over 100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  100 years later we still have not achieved that .
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago .
Must Read :  This country is made of all types of people not just the billionaires . -
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work .
We must take corporations out of profiteering from jailing people across America .
High gasoline prices have less to do with supply and demand and more to do with Wall Street speculators driving prices up .  Enough is enough .
Being out on a picket line and standing with workers is something I have been doing for my entire life .
The sounds of tribal music and drums filled a school gymnasium at the Meskwaki settlement .
Everybody knows that's   greed and everybody knows that greed is destroying the United States of America .
Capping day two of a beautiful three-day swing through Iowa at a town hall at Coe College in Cedar .  .  .
When only the wealthy were allowed to vote , the trade union movement was successful in demanding universal suffrage .
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :
I'm honored to be speaking at the Meskwaki Nation Settlement to discuss the major issues facing our country .
Before Social Security was established 75 years ago , more than half of our elderly population lived in poverty .
A single-payer system will be good for the average American , good for businesses , good for workers and good for our overall economy .
We're excited to welcome Lilia Chacon to serve as press secretary in Iowa .
The American people must demand that their elected officials start protecting the interests of working families , not wealthy contributors .
Political consciousness is extremely low in this country-that's   a simple fact .  We're trying to change that .
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty .
A strong democracy - one that counts every vote - is fundamental to who we are as Americans .  - Larry Cohen .
I support the NAACP's   call for justice .  The Court turned back the clock on equality by striking a key provision of the Voting Rights Act .
Fifty years after the Voting Rights Act , it shouldn't be necessary to rally for our right to vote , but it is .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  I've talked to too many wounded veterans .  War should be the last resort .  iacaucus
People fought and died to allow ordinary people to make the decisions - not billionaires or millionaires .  iacaucus
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
People shouldn't have to go without the medication they need just because their elected reps .  aren't willing to challenge the drug industry .
Each and every year corporations and the wealthy are avoiding more than $100 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes by sheltering their income offshore .
Republicans know that if they speak up , their contributions from the Koch brothers and big energy will be cut .
In my view , Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .
Establishment politics , establishment economics and establishment media simply are not working for the American people .
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody .
Keystone XL would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Endorse Bernie's   plan to take on Wall Street , break up the big banks , and restore sanity to our financial system .
The typical middle class family has seen its income go down by nearly $5 ,000 since 1999 after adjusting for inflation .
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .
We must demand transparency from drug companies , who have concealed the true cost of their research and development .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .
Supporters of NAFTA told us that this it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .
Help Bernie Close the Gap in Iowa :
Virtually every pharmaceutical company in America has either been convicted of fraud or has reached a settlement .
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class that they cannot have it all .
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .
Tune in to MSNBC for a discussion with Andrea Mitchell happening now .
People don't like the idea that politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Must Read :  Hurricane Katrina and Bernie Sanders :  From Neoliberal Disaster to 'Political Revolution'
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We can live in a country where every parent can have quality and affordable childcare .  Bernie2016
Breaking :  New Iowa poll shows Bernie gaining ground on Clinton and within the margin of error .  Visit
The more Iowans get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .
Despite advances in civil and political rights , our country has a long way to go in addressing gender inequality .
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life , that is not family values .
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
The crowd going wild ten minutes before the speech begins in front of The Democrats at Dems15 .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Meanwhile , Wal-Mart pays workers' such low wages that many of them qualify for food stamps , Medicaid , and other forms of gov't assistance .
Must Read :  NYT Editorial -Bernie Sanders's   Small-Beer Donors in the Big Money Casino
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes .
We are going to practice Democracy .  I know , it's   a pretty radical idea but what the heck .
Every man , woman , and child is entitled to health care .  That right exists in virtually every other major country and it's   time to join them .
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America .  I intend to introduce legislation to do just that .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort .
Since 2001 , nearly 30 percent of manufacturing jobs in this country have disappeared and over 60 ,000 factories have been shut down .
Most of the jobs gained since 2009 pay low wages .  However , most of the jobs lost during the recession were jobs that paid up to $21 an hour .
In my view , If a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .  Bernie2016
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .
Mothers must be able to spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks and months of life .  Must read :
58% of the new income generated in this country from 2009-2014 went to the top one percent .
The typical middle class American family made less last year than it did 26 years ago .
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be .
It's   time to expand Medicare to all Americans .  Bernie2016
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies make national health care sound scary .  It's   not .
To win the important environmental victories we so urgently need , it will take a coordinated grassroots movement .  Join us .  Bernie2016
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .  Bernie2016
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits .
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself , benefiting only the wealthy while using our money to get rich .  That ends when I am president .
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .  Bernie2016
This campaign resonates with Americans all over this country because we're talking about issues that deal with the middle class .  Bernie2016
We need a revolution in the way the United States fund higher education .  Bernie2016 in Littleton , NH
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers , Goldman Sachs executives , or anyone else .
The story of immigrants is the story of America , a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  As president , I will :
Some corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes , while billionaire hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than teachers .
Average female workers earned $1 ,337 less in 2013 than they did in 2007 .  We have got to change this .  Bernie2016
Americans bailed out the recklessness of Wall Street .  It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class !
Now is the time to think big .  BernieinReno
Our tax system is wildly unfair - rigged to benefit the very rich .  Corporations earning billions in profits stash their money in tax havens .
Children should not go hungry in this country while corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
What we see across the nation , and in Conway , NH , is that this campaign is resonating with millions of Americans .
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty , the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well .
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .
For the past 40 years , Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth to the richest among us .
In my view , corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars .  Bernie2016
Since the formation of our nation , the trade union movement has always led the fight to improve the quality of life for all Americans .
Our job together is to create an economy that works for working families and not just the people on top .  Bernie2016
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
Happening now :  Town Hall in Salem , NH .  Bernie2016
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave .
We cannot bring about the kind of change that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .  Bernie2016
When we think big we are thinking of America leading the world in transforming our energy system and fighting climate change .  Bernie2016
As president nobody will fight harder to end institutional racism and reform our broken justice system .  Bernie2016
This is the nation we can build together .  Build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .  Bernie2016 BernieinSC
We must make sure that voter registration is automatic not just another hurdle for people to excercise their constitutional right to vote .
This issue of childhood poverty impacts every race and we've got to stand together to change it .
Voters ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  Bernie2016
The time has come for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to join every major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all .
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple - that no full-time worker should live in poverty .
I have introduced legislation that would make every public college in America tuition-free .  BernieinSC
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  Bernie2016
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  Bernie2016
The time has come for a Medicare-for-All single-payer health care program .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life that is not a family value .
A job should lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  Bernie2016
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !  Bernie2016
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree with us .  Bernie2016
Most of the major Wall Street institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be .
TBT to 1974 :  No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken .
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance .
Wall Street's   dangerous manipulation of our economy has helped divert most of all new income to the top one percent .
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .
Wall Street's   greed and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since the Great Depression .
Our country is in serious trouble , and it is up to us to stand up and fight back to launch a heroic struggle :  a political revolution .
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself benefiting only the extremely wealthy while using our money to get rich .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more wealth inequality than any time since 1928 .  Read my plan on reversing income and wealth inequality :
We should be spending our money on health care and disease prevention , not on paper pushing and debt collection .
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending unlimited sums of money electing candidates .
We need bold changes in America .  We need a mass political movement .  I call it a political revolution .  BernieInReno
Let me be clear , the federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and it must be raised .  BernieInNV
It is time to break up the largest financial institutions in the country .  Bernie2016
It's   an outrage that women are forced back to work after giving birth simply because they can't afford to stay home .
We must never , ever go back to the days when older Americans could not get the healthcare they needed because they could not afford it .
I have opposed Arctic oil drilling for years .  Drilling the Arctic at a time when we face a serious climate emergency should be unthinkable .
Scott Walker wants to kick people off of their healthcare .  He's   wrong .  We need Medicare for all , not a return to a broken system .
I don't believe in the agenda of corporate America .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage .  Bernie2016
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care than do the people of any other western industrialized country .  Bernie2016
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression .  Bernie2016
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would create 13 million decent paying jobs .
We have to ask ourselves .  Whose interest is it in to keep undocumented workers in the shadows without the protection of the law ?
We began this campaign all of three and a half months ago and the momentum has been nothing less than extraordinary !
Yes , it would mean a real future for our families .  .  .  Depending on who's   next in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .  -McKibben
There must be a path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadows and participate fully and openly in American society .
It is no great secret that across the United States undocumented workers perform a critical role in our economy .
We must end the absurdity of 2 . 6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay .
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .
Supporters of NAFTA told us it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .
To truly empower our communities , we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people in this country .
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street .
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement .  Julian Bond was a man who dedicated his life to justice for all .
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people campaign .  - Cedar Rapids , Iowa office opening
We must move towards a healthcare system based on providing quality care rather than worrying about the profits of the insurance companies .
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy , then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world .
We must pursue policies that transform this country into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip or reckless personal attacks .
Excited to be at the Iowa Fair Soap Box where I'll be speaking about rebuilding our middle class .  IACaucus
As president , I will reduce income inequality by signing the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
It is imperative that we stand together to create the kind of nation that we know we can become .  WingDing
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president .  It is about creating a grassroots political movement in this country .
Three months later , what has happened has blown my mind :  we have been generating an enormous amount of enthusiasm across America .  WingDing
80 Years Later , Republicans Are Still Fighting Social Security .
Every single year thousands of our fellow Americans die because they don't get the preventive care they need when they should .
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and create the political revolution that this country desperately needs .
When families can't spend time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .
This campaign is about developing a strong grassroots movement from coast to coast which says :  enough is enough !
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family .  It's   a lesson I have never forgotten .
We can live in a country where every person realizes the full promise of equality that is our birthright as Americans .
It is unacceptable that Americans pay , by far , the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and we must invest in community policing .
Across the nation , too many find themselves subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals .
We have got to say loudly and clearly that we will no longer tolerate police brutality in this country !
We must make significant reductions in carbon emissions and break our dependency on fossil fuels .
If we are going to have the best educated workforce and a vibrant middle class , Wall Street has got to pay its fair share in taxes .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 must to join every other major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all .
We have got to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to lower the outrageously high prices of prescription drugs .
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy .
With the support of millions of Americans we can build a political revolution in this country .  Bernie2016
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !
We are not going back to the days when women could not have full access to birth control .
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed , we should be doing everything we can to create jobs .
  We've got a bill for that too !
I have seen first-hand the impact of our broken immigration system in the tomato fields of Immokalee , Florida .
We must break up too-big-to-fail financial institutions .
These institutions have acquired too much economic and political power , endangering our economy and our political process .
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all bank deposits in the United States .
The six largest financial institutions issue more than two-thirds of all credit cards and over 35 percent of all mortgages .
daveweigel We're everywhere , Dave !
In the United States , we have one of the most unequal wealth and income distributions of any major country on earth .
Studies show that nine out of every ten Americans report that their happiest memories come from vacations .
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .
Many of those in poverty are working at low-wage jobs .  These are the people who struggle every day to find the money to feed their kids .
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .
Incredibly , Republicans have given huge tax breaks to millionaires while raising taxes on working families .
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people .
It is time to end the politics of division on this country , of politicians playing one group of people against another .
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status .
Let me say loudly and clearly - health care is a right of all people , not a privilege .
In my view , if we are going to rebuild the middle class , we have got to make sure that Wall Street pays its fair share in taxes .
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  BernieInLA
Brothers , we need to stand with our sisters and fight for pay equity .  BernieInLA
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  BernieinLA
The scientific community is virtually unanimous in that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street .
We must create a political revolution from the ground up .  Real change happens when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough .
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care .
We must create a national system to provide care for every single American in the most cost-effective way possible .
Health care must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .  Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care .
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt .
We must make sure that Veterans get every benefit they served for and deserve .  BernieinPortland
We must move to a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  BernieinPortland
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet habitable for our grandchildren .
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .  BernieinPortland
When one family spends more money than both parties , that is not democracy that is oligarchy .  BernieinPortland
In my view we have got to re-establish Glass-Steagall and break up the big banks .  BernieinPortland
It is not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BerniePDX
It is the tragic reality that in this great country the middle class has been disappearing .  BernieinPortland
Whoa !  This is an unbelievable turnout .  This is the largest crowd so far .  Tune in LIVE now :
Portland is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  Tune in LIVE here :
The Supreme Court's   2013 decision gutting the Voting Rights Act was a shameful step backward .
Great job to everyone on the IAcaucus team !
The vast majority of Americans want to raise the minimum wage .  We must raise it to a livable wage of $15 per hour over the next few years .
Policies to fight the types of violence waged against communities of color :  physical , political , legal and economic :
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .
I supported the Voting Rights Advancement Act to prevent states with a history of voting discrimination from suppressing political rights .
I am a supporter of the DREAM Act , which would offer permanent residency and eventual citizenship to children who were brought to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .
I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street .  In truth , it is the other way around .
It's   incumbent upon us to give the agreement a chance to succeed .  That is why I will support the iran agreement .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
Tune in to Face The Nation this Sunday for a discussion on the iran agreement and other issues facing our country .
We cannot and must not shirk the historic role of the United States as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution .
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them .
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
In my view , Wall Street is too large and powerful to be reformed .  The huge financial institutions must be broken up .
It's   over .  Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt .  That's   why the Rs are so out of touch .
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say .
Pope Francis says climate change is one of the great crises we face .  I'm waiting for one word from Fox and the Rs on it .  DebateWithBernie
BTS live-tweeting the DebateWithBernie .
GOP agenda :  more money for military , tax breaks for the rich , cuts to Social Security and programs for working families .  DebateWithBernie
What I'm hearing so far :  tax breaks for the rich , more people losing health insurance and more talk about war .  This is not what we need .
Does any Republican agree with the majority of Americans who now strongly support gay rights and same-sex marriage ?  DebateWithBernie
Millions of Americans are struggling with horrendous student debt + high interest rates .  Do the Rs have anything to say ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs discuss criminal justice reform and the need to end police killing of unarmed African-Americans ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox talk about outrageous GOP voter suppression and the undermining of the Voting Rights Act ?  VRA50 DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs talk about pay equity for women workers who make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Waiting .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of massive inequality , does any R think the wealthy and large corporations should pay a nickel more in taxes ?  DebateWithBernie
Social Security can pay every penny owed for next 18 yrs .  Lift the cap on taxable income and it'll be solvent for decades .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker repeal Obamacare .  Throw millions of more people off of their health insurance .  Great idea .  DebateWIthBernie
Carson talks about the debt .  Hey Dr .  Carson .  .  .  the Rs forgot to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .  $6-8 trillion on the credit card .
Check it out .  How many of the candidates on the stage have super PACs funded by millionaires and billionaires ?  DebateWIthBernie
Huckabee and Carson :  more tax breaks for billionaires , higher taxes for working families .  DebateWithBernie
Fox's   great idea .  Climate change is the great global environmental crisis , but they want to cut or destroy the EPA .  DebateWithBernie
Some of us didn't believe Bush and Cheney on Iraq .  We voted NO .  That was the right vote .  DebateWithBernie
The clock is ticking .  Climate change ?  Income inequality ?  Citizens United ?  Waiting for the questions and the discussion .  DebateWithBernie
Who would've believed it ?  Dr .  Rand Paul is right .  Yes we can fight terrorism and protect the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Constitution .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker listened to the American people on immigration .  Really ?  Most Americans want a path to citizenship .  DebateWithBernie
Marco Rubio is right .  The people are frustrated .  The rich get much richer and everyone else is getting poorer .  Will the Rs talk about this ?
Kasich saved Ohio's   economy !  Oh .  Who was the president who helped lower unemployment and create millions of new jobs ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will Fox ask if it's   appropriate for billionaires to buy elections ?  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Oh .  It was just a movie trailer .  GOPDebate DebateWithBernie
Does any GOPer care about whether or not a woman , rather than the gov't , should make decisions regarding her own body ?  DebateWithBernie
Will any Republican talk about the need to raise the current starvation minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour ?  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush has a lot of respect for his brother George W .  Really ?  Let's   not forget the virtual collapse of our economy when he left office .
Will the GOPers talk about why the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all as a right ?  DebateWithBernie
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ?
Let's   see what questions Fox will ask .  Will they talk about the disastrous Citizen United decision that allows the rich to buy elections ?
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves , standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy .
The 2016 presidential election will be the first in 50 years where voters won't have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act .  VRA50
Despite the central role they play in our economy , undocumented workers are reviled by many for political gain and shunted into the shadows .
I agree .  We are committed to making registering to vote as easy as possible .  .  .  -
In America , everybody who is eligible to vote is entitled to vote .  That is American democracy .  VR50
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process .
The average chief executive in America now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker .
We must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and leave a habitable planet for our grandchildren .
A single-payer system will expand employment opportunities and lift a weight off of businesses encumbered by employee health expenses .
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is the struggle of a lifetime .  Our time to fight is now .
Is it morally appropriate that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1% ?
Open to all Americans over 65 years of age , Medicare has been a resounding success since its introduction 48 years ago .
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program .
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and to take on the wealthy special interests that wield so much power .
Much of the corporate media is prepared to discuss everything except the most important issues facing our country .
Real change takes place when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough , and create a political revolution from the ground up .
Is our democracy being destroyed when one family can spend $900 million to buy elections ?
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery .
The wealthiest 14 people in this country increased their wealth in two years by more than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans .
Instead of trying to take away health care from women , we should be trying to provide family and medical leave to all of our families .
We actually need a heck of a lot more than $3 per person for women's   health care , Jeb Bush
Creating a simple system with one payer covering all Americans would result in an enormous reduction in administrative expenses .
July 29 proved that we have the people and that we're organized .  Here's   a short video of history in the making :
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill .
While insurance and drug companies make huge profits , Americans spend more and get less than people from any other nation .
We must make college affordable so that every qualified American can get the education they need to reclaim the American dream .
We must create a national health care system that provides quality health care for all in the most cost-effective way possible .
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents .
Maybe for once Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet .
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media .
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
Where people have no work , where folks have no health insurance , that's   where we should be , including Louisiana .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income .
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
Now is not the time for the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
We must move forward in ending our dependence on fossil fuel and move toward energy efficiency and renewable energy .
I will introduce legislation which will allow people to run for office without having to beg money from the wealthy .
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .
ICYMI :  This past Friday at Natl Urban League we need some new thinking .
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people , not for hunting , should not be sold in America .
Let's   defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement .
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families .  That has got to change .
LIVE on Periscope
I am honored to receive the endorsement of Friends of the Earth one of the great environmental organizations in the world .
Health care is a right , not a privilege .
It's   an outrage that millions of women in this country are forced back to work after giving birth .
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections .
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police .
The only way forward , to bring forth a progressive agenda , is to have the American people mobilized .
We are building a strong grassroots movement together , and people should not underestimate us .
For the last 40 years , there has been a massive attack by corporate America against the middle class .
We've got to change our trade policies , so companies aren't shutting down here and moving abroad .
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who's   involved in domestic abuse situations .
Inspired by the activists standing up to Shell in Portland and Seattle .  We cannot address climate change and drill in the Arctic .  ShellNo
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's   health .
If we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish for our great country .
I have introduced legislation that would make every every public college and university tuition-free .
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .

The only way we take on the Koch brothers is when we put together a strong grassroots movement of millions and millions of people .
I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone pipeline , which moves us exactly in the wrong direction .
It is time that we bring about a fundamental transformation of the American health care system .
We need to make government work for all the people , not just the 1 percent .
When I hear politicians like Jeb Bush talking about phasing out Medicare , that ain't gonna happen .  We're not going back .  Medicare4All
It is time to expand Medicare to every man and woman in America .  Medicare4All
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on campaign .  Bernie2016
Our West Coast stream is up .  Tune in to  now .  Bernie2016
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on our campaign .  Bernie2016
We need to educate , organize and mobilize the working families of our country to stand up for their rights .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation .
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well .
Most of the new jobs that are being created are part-time and low wage .  And that wage remains at the starvation level of $7 . 25 per hour .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it .
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose the pipeline .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
Now is the time to alter our government .  No more excuses .  We must all become involved in the political process .
Judith is ready for her MN Bernie2016 organizing meeting .  Attend a local event on Wednesday :
Our opponents have the billionaires on their side , but we have the people .  Attend an organizing meeting on Wednesday :
We need a new approach to trade , an approach which benefits the working families of our country .
The scientific community is clear :  Global warming is real and it is caused by human activity .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , a lesson I have never forgotten .
Some people told me Louisiana was a conservative state .  I guess not .
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .
We need to bring back Glass-Steagall legislation .
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century .  This is catastrophic .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
I ask them not to yield to an economic model which is idolatrous , which needs to sacrifice human lives on the altar of money .  .  Pope Francis
Tune in to Meet the Press for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  Check local listings for air time .
No person should have to worry that a routine interaction with law enforcement will end in violence or death .  SCLC
People of color are afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .  SCLC
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr SCLC
A progressive estate tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality .
In addition to busting up the big trusts of his time , President Theodore Roosevelt fought for the creation of a progressive estate tax .
We must convince low-income workers that voting can raise the national minimum wage to a living wage .
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  They have worked .
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people .
Billionaires like the Koch brothers and others should not be able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns .
This is what a rigged economic system looks like .
We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work and to raise wages .  fightfor15
The American people must demand the White House start protecting the interests of working families , not just wealthy campaign contributors .

I hope it's   clear how dire it is for millions of people working full time yet living in poverty .  We have a moral obligation to help them .
Our goal should be to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all Americans .
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .
We must launch a political revolution that engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change .
Climate change threatens the planet , and we have a major political party denying its reality .
I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of the Equality Act .  These protections are long overdue .  EqualityForward
Giving up is not an option if we want to prevent irreparable harm to our planet .
The corporate media spends enormous time and energy diverting our attention away from the most important issues facing us .
Despair is not an option if we care about our kids and grandchildren .
Our criminal justice system is out of control .
It would be very hard to imagine a white middle class woman being treated in the same way as Sandra Bland was .
Our political system is dominated by billionaire campaign contributors and their lobbyists and is moving us in the direction of oligarchy .
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills .
In the year 2015 , a job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .
The ACA has made modest improvements in American health care since it took effect .  But it is not enough .
This country is in serious trouble .  Our economic system benefits the rich and large corporations and leaves working families behind .
Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the social safety net , but we must expand benefits for those in need .
  We are going to put the justice back in justice system and prosecute the perpetrators .
This type of police abuse has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it must stop .  -B
Iowans at Independence Day gatherings show off their Bernie 2016 signs and talk about the important issues in 2016 .
Warren Buffet has pointed out the unfairness of the fact that he , a multibillionaire , pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary .
We need a tax system that is fair and progressive .
We'll be there 8/14 in Clear Lake , Iowa !  MT   Tickets selling faster than anticipated .  .  .  Get tickets now !
It's   disgraceful that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .  This must end .
It is absurd that in 1952 corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while in 2014 they provided 11 percent .
It is fiscally irresponsible that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 loses about $100 billion a year because corporation stash their profits in the Cayman Islands .
In my view , we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets .

Nothing will get done unless millions of people stand up and roundly proclaim enough is enough .
Supporters have created more than 1 ,500 organizing meetings on July 29th .  Get involved by hosting or attending here :
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
They are all heroes .
In terms of income , 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent .  This is what a rigged economic system looks like .
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home .
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .
Sandra Bland , Eric Garner , Freddie Gray and too many others .
We must make sure that every person who has the ability can get a good education , regardless of their family income .
We have a long way to go to overcome racism in this country .
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ?
We should be providing jobs and education for our kids rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration .
Our largest turnout yet in Phoenix .
Got questions for our town hall at Netroots Nation ?  Tweet them using NN15TownHall .
Are we comfortable with an American political system which is being dominated by a handful of billionaires ?
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties combined that is not democracy , that is oligarchy .  IDPHOF
No president , not even the best one , can bring about the changes that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .
American workers are being denied a benefit that workers in every other advanced economy already enjoy :  10 days of paid vacation time .
Backstage at the   Hall of Fame dinner .
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans .

The function of banking should be to provide affordable loans to businesses to create jobs .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  That is not a family value .
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
The enormous concentration of ownership within the financial sector is hurting the middle class and damaging the economy .
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of Americans .
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  Enough is enough !
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  It is not acceptable that women receive less than their male counterparts doing the same job .
The best way to expand the economy is to raise wages and create good jobs to increase the purchasing power of the American people .
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to gay rights .
More people have contributed to our campaign than to any other presidential candidate , Democrat or Republican .  I am humbled by this support .
We must do a lot more to rebuild the middle class , check corporate greed and make our economy work again for working families .
Corporations must stop manipulating their shares to reward their executives and billionaire shareholders through the use of stock buybacks .
Corporations have mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns making it harder for workers to collectively bargain for decent wages and benefits .
We must continue and expand our efforts to be national leaders in the fight for gender equality .
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about support for abstinence-only education .
With turnout projections mounting , the location of Saturday's   rally in Phoenix has been changed .  To RSVP go to
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .
I want to create millions of jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and i've introduced legislation to do that .
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward .
The fact is that the middle class of this country continues its 40-year decline , people are working longer hours for lower wages .
Our free and open Internet has made invaluable contributions to democracy both here in the United States and around the world .
40 percent of American workers aren't even eligible for family and medical unpaid leave .
The iranDeal is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling and could keep us from being drawn into another never-ending war .
The American people understand that establishment economics are not working for the middle class .  They want real change .
We need a mass grassroots movement that says we're involved and we're organized .
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them .
I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour .  A majority of the American people want to do that .
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and in a loud and clear voice we say no to racism and bigotry .
When Republicans use the term they're usually talking about things like denying a woman's   right to choose .
Ordinary people are profoundly disgusted with the fact that the middle class is being destroyed and income going to the top 1 percent .
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to contraception .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .
The American people say overwhelmingly that we have to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on contributions .
Sanders Economic Agenda Puts Spotlight on Poor and Collapsing Middle Class :
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .
  May the force be with us .
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans .
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system .  It cannot be ignored .
The American people are disgusted with the degree that billionaires are able to buy elections .
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .
I supported the president's   executive action on immigration-I think that was a good step .  But we have to push harder .
Do people know that in many countries throughout Europe , public colleges and universities are either tuition-free or very inexpensive ?
We are forcing the system to start dealing with the real issues facing the middle class and working families .

Do the American people even know that we're the only major Western industrialized country that doesn't guarantee health care for all ?
If anyone thinks that the kind of police brutality that we're seeing now is something new , they are sorely mistaken .
There is nothing more important than leaving this country , and this planet , habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
The biggest political problem facing this country is that we don't discuss the serious issues facing this country .
The flag belongs in a museum .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war .
America is not supposed to be a country where 99 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
What we need now is an economy that provides decent wages and income for the middle class , not demands that people work even longer hours .
This campaign is not only about winning elections , it is about transforming America .
Our job , in this moment , is not to think small .  The United States must lead the world in fighting climate change .
All over America , people are becoming involved in our campaign because they want change .  Real change !  That's   what this campaign is about .
In Great Britain , new mothers get 40 weeks of paid leave .  70 percent of countries offer paid leave to new fathers as well .

Low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices and among the most vulnerable to the perils of a changing climate .
Must read from Washington Post Missing the whole Bernie Sanders point
Let's   say it loud and clear :  women controls their bodies , not the government .
Catch up on our exciting weekend in the Granite State !
When Roosevelt ran for reelection , he welcomed the hatred of what he called the economic royalists .  I'm prepared to do that as well .
I think the discontent of the American people is far , far greater than the pundits understand .
When workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work , productivity goes up and employees are more satisfied with their jobs .
Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment , it will create good paying jobs .
I strongly believe Puerto Rico should be afforded the same bankruptcy protections that exist for municipalities across the United States .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable , and unforgivable .
Talked to Reverend Al Sharpton last night on   about our campaign's   momentum and message :
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .
I would like as many debates as possible , and I would also like to break new ground and have debates with Republicans and Democrats .
From ME to CA , the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics aren't working for the middle class .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
I am asking Americans from across the country to come together for a series of conversations .  Join us on July 29 .
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ?
Medicare is more cost-effective than private insurers , and could serve as the foundation for a single-payer system .
I applaud the people of Greece for saying 'no' to more austerity for the the poor , the children , the sick and the elderly .
Even when working Americans face a serious disease like cancer , they have no guarantee of paid sick leave .  It doesn't have to be this way .
We must move away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy .
Of 182 nations that do provide paid leave , more than half guarantee at least 14 weeks off .
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
Our contingent in the Waukee , Iowa Fourth of July parade .  Bernie2016
Why must many older Americans be forced to choose between paying for food , shelter , or medical care ?
TeamBernie getting ready to march in Ames , Iowa !
College tuition is free in Germany , even for citizens of other countries .  It's   also free in Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Ireland and Mexico .
We have the moral obligation to do everything humanly possible to defend those men and women who defended us .
Wow !  2 ,300+ came out for our town meeting in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  Largest turnout in Iowa for any single candidate .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .

We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices .
A full house and then some at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake , Iowa !
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than any other major industrialized nation .
Why are we so far behind so many other countries when it comes to meeting the needs of working families and the American middle class ?
It's   standing room only for our town meeting in Sioux City , Iowa this evening !
Why can't every American who is qualified get a higher education , regardless of family income ?
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote .
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax .
When the people stand together , we can win .
At the end of the day they may have the money , but we have the people and when the people stand together we can win .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Rochester , MN
We need to create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires .
I applaud the president for continuing to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba , just like most of the rest of the world .
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years , Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth .
TPP would expand the profits of big drug companies , keep drug prices artificially high and leave millions without access to lifesaving drugs .
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .
Let me be clear .  Nothing is going to happen , unless we have the courage to take on the billionaire class .
Why can't we have the lowest rate of childhood poverty in America instead of the highest ?
  Hi Logan , we're really sorry to hear that .  Please give our store a call at 802-363-6099 .
If we stand together , we will win .
This overdue change means businesses will no longer be able to shirk their responsibility to pay fair wages .
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :
The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 40 percent .
Not too many people voted against DOMA in 1996 .  I did .  And because of a grassroots movement for gay rights , public consciousness changed .
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment .
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
The scientific community has been extremely clear .  We must take bold action to address climate change .
Another great crowd in Laconia , New Hampshire as 400 turn out for our town meeting .
More than 500 pack the house in Durham , New Hampshire for our town meeting .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Durham , NH
Come pack the house with other supporters on Wednesday evening in Madison , Wisconsin .  RSVP here :
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Henniker , NH
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :
Great crowd for our house party in Bow !  FITN nhpolitics
LIVE :  Town hall meeting in Nashua , NH .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Nashua , NH
I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who are anxious to be part of our campaign .
We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .
Corporate America has mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns .  We must make certain that workers are given a fair chance to join a union .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .
We once led the world in the percentage of our people with a college degree .  Now we are in 12th place .
Join me in Madison to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the middle class must end .
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .
We should do everything possible to guarantee the right to vote , not make it harder .  I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act .
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  I am honored to have their backing .
We are the richest country in the history of the world yet almost all of the wealth ends up in the hands of the few .
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them and not only for the CEOs of major multi-national corporations .
Despite new technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than in 1999 .
We're hiring field organizers in Iowa !  Click here for more information :
Listen live to my conversation with   on TPP at 4 : 05pm
In my view , the American consumer does not want the tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated and underpaid .
Must read :  I'm a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the largest corporations to pay their fair share .
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .
It is time to rebuild the middle class and reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else .
We need to change outdated overtime rules so that businesses can't shirk their responsibility by labeling low-paid workers as supervisors .
The confederate flag is a relic of our nation's   stained racial history .  It should come down .
Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .
Equal pay for equal work .
When parents and children can't spend any time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say .  Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Denver , CO
To be meaningful , a pathway to citizenship needs be achievable for the millions of workers at the lower end of the economic ladders .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
Momentum is building .  A look at the massive turnouts and energy behind our campaign events :
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It's   time to break up too big to fail banks .
It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .
If the Export-Import Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the United States , it should be eliminated .
Join us live for our Las Vegas town hall meeting on Periscope .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Las Vegas , NV
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy , we must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks of life , that is not a family value .
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation .
We need an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people at the very top .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
We must implement a trade policy that demands that corporate America invests in this country rather than in countries all over the world .
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up .
Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activities .  We must lead the world in combating the planetary crisis of global warming .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
Virtually every major union and environmental organization in the United States is against the TPP deal .  TPA
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime .
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities .
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised .
Despite exploding technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than it was in 1999 .
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
The minimum wage must become a living wage - which means raising it to $15 an hour over the next few years .
I believe in a path to citizenship , and I agree with President Obama's   plans to do through executive action what Congress refuses to .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
General Electric Verizon and The Boeing Company have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
At the Hawkeye Labor Council AFL-CIO annual steak fry in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution .
We are very pleased to have the support of the South Carolina AFL-CIO executive board !
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs .
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse .  Isn't it time for a change ?
Congress Deals a Setback to the Corporate Trade Agenda TPA TPP
Big crowd for our town hall meeting this evening in Des Moines , Iowa .  iacaucus
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy .
Economic Policy Inst estimates that NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680 ,000 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 jobs .  Sign here to oppose the TPP :
The TPP outsources jobs , undercuts worker rights , and dismantles labor laws .  Sign the petition to say no to TPP :
We need trade policies that rebuild our manufacturing sector , not agreements that will lead to fewer jobs and lower wages .  TPA
Economic Policy Inst estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with china led to the net loss of over 2 . 7 million American jobs .  TPA
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .  TPA
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
I was honored to be among those who marched on Washington with Dr .  MLK Jr Read my piece about his dream on Medium
Follow our campaign on Medium here :
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs .
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system .
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
A NYTimes poll shows that 74% of the American people think that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics .
Must read from The Nation Wisconsin Straw Poll :  Clinton 49 Percent , Sanders 41 Percent
No we will not cut Social Security .
Wisconsin Democrats straw poll :  Clinton 49% - Sanders 41% .
We need to hold thousands of meetings like this one in Keene , NH , all over the country :
Brattleboro's   14th annual Strolling of the Heifers festival was udderly fantastic .
NEWS :  Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire .
Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire !
Annual Strolling of the Heifers parade in Brattleboro , Vermont .
Now is the time for millions of working families to come together to revitalize American democracy .  Join us :
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists .
Spencer Tweedy We apologize for the inconvenience .  The demand has been exceedingly high .  We hope to fix the store soon .
American democracy is not about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections .  It is one person-one vote and no voter suppression .
Rolling Stone spent three days on the campaign trail with us .  Check it out :
  Coralville Iowa We had a great meeting in Coralville several months ago !  Looking forward to coming back .
Must read from Washington Post As the rich become super-rich , they pay lower taxes .  For real .
The people of this country are tired of political gossip , personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads .  I've never run a negative ad in my life .
Americans want candidates to engage in serious discussions about the issues facing our country .  Sign my petition :
Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
Coming up at 12 : 15pm ET -- we'll be on with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the importance of debates in 2016 .
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for .  We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United .
What a week we had in Vermont , New Hampshire , Iowa and Minnesota :   Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Addressing the overflow crowd in Minneapolis .  MN
  Sorry about that Marcos .  We need a bigger venue !
About 600 came out to celebrate our campaign kickoff in Ames , Iowa !
We must be touching a nerve !  Another 300 listening outside in Iowa City .
Continuing our road trip in beautiful West Branch , Iowa -- 200 came out for our backyard house party .
Another great turnout in Iowa at Muscatine County Democrats meeting .
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .
I am glad to hear that the State Department has removed Cuba from their list of state-sponsored terrorists .
Our first day in Iowa was a big success :
My campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate , not political gossip .
Photos and a recap from our first day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire :
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Just Fired the Opening Shots of His Political Revolution In Vermont by
Burlington Police estimate more than 5 ,000 showed up for our big launch .  Join us live at  .
About to take the stage here in Burlington .  Tune in at  .
We're excited to launch our new Instagram !  Follow us on the campaign trail :
Memorial Day parade in Middlebury , Vt .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear .
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least .
Wall Street cannot be an island separate from the rest of the productive economy whose only goal is to make as much money as possible .
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail , are now bigger than they used to be .
It's   time to break up the big banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .
For 30 years I've stood up for workers in this country , and I believe I am the only candidate now prepared to take on the billionaire class .
Excited for Bill McKibben to speak at our kickoff event on Tuesday in Burlington !
A political revolution is coming .  Text BERNIE to 82623 to sign up for important mobile alerts from TeamBernie .
Support my bill to make public colleges and universities tuition-free :   CollegeforAll
I congratulate the Los Angeles City Council for voting to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour .
In this economy , college is the new high school .  We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .
CollegeForAll -- that's   how we'll compete effectively in this new global economy .  Support my bill :
Support my bill to make public college tuition-free :   CollegeForAll
Every American who has the desire and ability should be able to get an affordable college education .   CollegeForAll
I believe that in a democratic , civilized society none of our people should be hungry or living in desperation .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
The United States must lead the world in combating climate change and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels .
We need a massive federal jobs program which puts millions of our people back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .
We are the richest country in the world but that means nothing when almost all of the wealth and income ends up in the hands of the few .
Since 1999 , the typical middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5 ,000 after adjusting for inflation .
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class .
Why would we approve another trade deal like those that have failed so miserably ?  NoTPP
Trade agreements should not just work for corporate America .  They have got to benefit the working families of our country .
The United States must move toward a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  Health care is a right not a privilege .
While a member of the House Financial Services Committee , I was one of those leading the fight against the deregulation of Wall Street .
We need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs .
It is absurd that in 1952 , corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while , in 2014 , they provided 11 percent .
We must listen to the scientists and lead the world in halting climate change so this planet is habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
Over a period of a few years the national minimum wage should be $15 per hour .
Must read from The Hill Banks brace for Bernie Sanders
I am vigorously opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement , and will do everything that I can to defeat it .
Shamefully , the United States remains the only major industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people .
It is not acceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  That's   what this campaign is all about .
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change .
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country , not spend millions on ugly and negative 30-second ads .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least .
I voted against the Patriot Act every time it came up , and it still needs major reform .
A discussion from 1989 on the failure of our elected officials to address the needs of working-class Americans .  TBT
It's   time to make our government work for all of us , and not just the top one percent .  Join our campaign :
The billionaires and their super PACs increasingly control the American political process .  That's   why we must overturn Citizens United .
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner .
The great challenge that we face .  .  .
I believe we should break up the big Wall Street banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .
It is better to show up than to give up .  Join us :
I'm running for the Democratic nomination because we must change course , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
Change will not come without political participation .  Join our campaign at
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires but we can't take care of the elderly and the children ?
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Join our campaign at
I'm hoping to lead the fight against the TPP so that we do not continue to see shutdowns of factories in America .
We are at a moment of truth .  We need to face up to the reality of where we are as a nation , and we need a mass movement to fight for change .
A successful national campaign is a massive undertaking , especially when we will be heavily outspent .  Join us :
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
I run not to oppose any woman or man , but to propose new and far-reaching policies to deal with the crises of our times .
Our middle class is at a tipping point .  It will not last another generation if we don't boldly change course now .
Speaking to the leadership of the NH AFL-CIO about ways to rebuild the middle class  ( North Conway , NH )  .
The disastrous Citizens United case and other related decisions are undermining the very foundations of American democracy .
First official campaign event in Manchester , NH .  More than 100 strong .  Great event !
The people at the top are grabbing all the new wealth and income for themselves , and the rest of America is being squeezed and left behind .
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders .
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign at  .
I believe that together we can change America , and breathe new life into the soul of our nation .  That is what our campaign is all about .
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign .
Follow me on Reddit .
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  Join our campaign :
Join the campaign at :
Nineteen Republican presidential candidates in NewHampshire and they all say the same thing :
On Sunday , I visited Brownsville .  I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis .
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels .  KeepItInTheGround
Danny Glover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice .  I thank him for his support .
I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York .
The president's   immigration actions are good first steps .  The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward .  FightForFamilies
For 30 years , GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River .  We must clean it up and hold GE accountable .
Bernie is a protester .  He's   not scared to go up against the criminal justice system .  - Erica Garner
How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling ?
We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness .
Tune in to BernieAtProspectPark live here :
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world , people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing .
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address .
Jane O'Meara Sanders is a soulmate and a sounding board .  I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else .
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour .  Not just in one or two cities , but across the country .
It is extremely sad that the United States , one of the oldest democracies , has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country .
Medicare for all means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges .
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms .
New York :  it's   our time again to build a future to believe in .
We can win New York , but we'll need a strong grassroots effort .  Let's   reach 2 million calls and TakeNYbyPhone :
We shouldn't cut the GI bill .  Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits .  DefendTheGIBill
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war , and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans .  DefendTheGIBill
Health care costs are out of control .  Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control .
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support .
Some believe it's   ok to take $200 ,000 an hour from Wall Street , but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much .
We're all in this together .
I annotated a speech by Pope Francis .  Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common .
The Urgency of a Moral Economy :  Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus
If we wake up the American people , if we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  New York , vote on April 19 !
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise .  DemDebate
Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors :  Hillary Clinton - 51% Bernie Sanders - 3%
$27 a contribution .  Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money .  THAT IS A PEOPLE'S CAMPAIGN .   DemDebate
Public colleges and universities tuition free ?  Damn right .
AskAboutAbortion this segment , please .
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world .  That includes BOTH israel and Palestine , not just one or the other .
If we are going to achieve peace , we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity .  DemDebate
I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people .  - Hillary Clinton Just wanted that one on the record .
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for Hillary Clinton to get her on their side .  They donate to her because she is already on their side .
Hillary Clinton's   plan to address climate change does not go far enough .  We need bold changes , not just small steps .  DemDebate
Hillary Clinton supports fracking .  Bernie does not .  DemDebate
Millions of people are standing up , Hillary Clinton $12 is not enough .  Let's   raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour .  DemDebate
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street .  There were none .  Hillary's   been looking into it for 70 days .  DemDebate
If there's   nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's   Wall Street speeches , why not just ReleaseTheTranscripts ?  DemDebate
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street's   greed , Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out .
Does Hillary Clinton believe money has no influence in politics ?  Seems to contradict her issues page here :
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  Plain and simple .
Rosario Dawson is right :  The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day , it's   the struggle of a lifetime .
Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit .  Full statement :
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money .
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
48 hours .  15 ,000 volunteers .  2 million calls .  This weekend we're going to TakeNYbyPhone Join us :
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage .  FightFor15
We're making progress in Seattle , Los Angeles , San Francisco , California , New York and Oregon .
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take no for an answer .
Not too long ago , the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or pie-in-the-sky .
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us , not just powerful special interests .
It's   me , Bernie 'Brooklyn Born' Sanders and guess what Ted Cruz I have New York values .
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should .
Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's   great to be back !  - Bernie NewYorkForBernie
The cause is right and the time is NOW .  - Nina Turner NewYorkforBernie
This momentum is incredible - but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's   primary .  Make a plan :
We need strong progressives in Congress like   Team Pramila and   Help us elect them :
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore .
I don't want the support of McAdam , Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class .  I welcome their contempt .
Roosevelt battled his era's   elite .  He called them economic royalists .  Bernie calls them the billionaire class .
As president , I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people .
How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States ?
We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country , but lift living standards throughout the world .
Making women travel hundreds of miles , wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace .
For the past 40 years , the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care .  That is unacceptable .
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people .  They should be in jail .
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer .  Evolving is not good enough .  We need leadership .
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud .
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  EqualPayDay
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .  EqualPayDay
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Shameful .  We need pay equity .  EqualPayDay
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave .
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money .  Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy .  DemocracySpring
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  DemocracySpring
It's   wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis .  Natural gas isn't a bridge fuel , it's   a fossil fuel .
Right now , under the Federal Controlled Substance Act , marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin .  That's   pretty crazy .
People should be rewarded for getting an education , not punished with student debt of $50 ,000 , $100 ,000 or more .
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy .  It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans .
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful .
ICYMI :  Bernie and the Big Banks - Robert Reich former Secretary of Labor
New York , let's   make a little bit of history .  Make a plan to vote on Tuesday , April 19 :
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable , and will create millions of good jobs .
Climate change is an economic , public health , national security and environmental problem .  It is every kind of issue at once .
As president , I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House .  Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office .
Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people .  .  .
It's   clear that the war on drugs was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end .
We know that tough on crime policies have failed .  Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation .
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support !
Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York .  We need to do more to address this housing crisis .
Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration .  - Ben Jealous
15 dollars an hour everywhere .  FamilyValuesIn5Words
We can't properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty .
If we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  Wyoming , let's   caucus !
That's   just a single issue where Hillary Clinton and I differ .
In my view , we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand , not weaken , the social safety net .
In 2008 , Hillary Clinton said that welfare should not be an anti-poverty program .  I disagree .
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty .  That is unacceptable .
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need .
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits :  1996 :  68% 2014 :  Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011 , households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans ;  132% for Hispanics ;  109% for White Americans .
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from 1 . 4 million to 3 . 5 million .
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people .
Since this legislation was signed into law , families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636 ,000 to 1 . 65 million .
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster .
Unfortunately , Hillary Clinton supported this bill calling it a critical first step to reforming our nation's   welfare system .
I called that bill an assault on the poor , women and children , minorities , and immigrants .  I believed that then and I believe that now .
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform .
It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage .  It was the people telling him what to do .  That's   how change happens .
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class , Congress is going to have to start paying attention .
The problems facing this country now are so serious , are so deep , that the same-old , same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it .
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change .
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's   dependence on fossil fuels .  We've gotta get our act together .
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements .
As president , I would formally apologize for our country's   deplorable practice of slavery .
We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured .  -
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven , I care about leaving a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren .
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet .
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way , we're doing it differently .
I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers .  Unions are my family .  I have worked with them for my entire life .
Millions of people are working incredible hours - some with two or three jobs - just trying to care for themselves and their families .
What Republicans are saying , very loudly and clearly , is that no woman in this country , has the right to control her own body .  I disagree .
The Affordable Care Act , which I voted for and helped write , is a step forward for this country .  But we must build on it and go further .
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles .  That's   an embarrassment .
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign .
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals .
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security .  Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect .
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the full promise of equality .
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby .
Corporate greed needs to end .  They're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans .
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out , but we keep winning by large margins .  Keep us going :
Tune in to Bernie's   remarks live from Laramie here :
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms .  This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction .
The major media don't know how to report on movements .  - Robert Reich
Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's   bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage .
Martin Luther King , Jr was one of the great leaders of our history .  We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice .
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable .
As president , I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage .
Not too long ago , they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic .  Some said it was 'pie-in-the-sky . ' NY and CA are just the tipping point .
We need a new approach to trade in this country - one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations .
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics :  we are telling the truth .
Let me be clear :  I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic , in the Gulf and in the Atlantic .
My climate plan will cut 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050 , in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution .
I recognize it's   a bold peice of legislation .  But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren .
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet .  I've led the opposition to it from the beginning .
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world .  It's   too late for incremental change .  We must act boldly .
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans .
As president , I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history .  He's   got it backwards .
Under Gov .  Walker , we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin .  Absolutely wrong and unacceptable .
In 1980 , Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent .  It's   time to extend this cap to every lender in America .
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent .
Current status of the Clark County , Nevada credentials committee .
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County , Nevada Democratic Convention :
Change cannot take place without political participation .
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change .
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin happening now :   WIPrimary
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier .
As a born and raised New Yorker , I'm very proud .  A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation .
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough .
The truth is that Hillary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from oil , gas and coal industry lobbyists .
They never thought we could do it .  We're on track to raise $43 . 5 million .  Chip in here :
I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets .  We must end childhood poverty .  BernieInTheBronx
I am very proud to have been born in New York City !  BernieInTheBronx
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson , Harry Belafonte , Spike Lee and Residente .  Tune in LIVE :   BernieInTheBronx
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month .  Help us reach our goal before midnight !
It's   still a long shot , but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal .  Contribute before our deadline :
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work .  We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
Under my administration , Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .
I survived .  I became stronger .  I have a voice .  - Andrea Zekis , Transgender Activist TransDayofVisibility
The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country .  I believe that they will win .
We can't have a safe and sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's   products are making their profits from Wall Street .
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies .  I think they are .
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe .  Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake .
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street .
Agreed , Jumaane And yes , we will campaign like Brooklynites !
I want children to know that if they study hard , no matter what the income of their families , they will be able to get a college education .
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt .  That shortsighted path forward must end .
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty .
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color .  Read my plan :
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country .  It is too late for establishment policies , politics and economics .
It's   time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency .
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people , not going to billionaires' homes begging for money .
The vast majority of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 students are already working to put themselves through school .  The kids are alright .
Yet wealthy kids under HillaryClinton's   plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week .  Kids from working families would .
War has got to be the last recourse , not the first .
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest Residente this Thursday , March 31 .  RSVP here :   BernieInTheBronx
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections .
From Wisconsin to California , the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country .
This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain .
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .
A job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage .
I agree .  But here's   the difference :  I support a $15 federal minimum wage .  Hillary Clinton does not .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power .  That's   what I do .
Scientists tell us we need bold action , not incremental change .
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's   super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people .
The sad reality is that across the globe , the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters .
We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10 ,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity .
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people .  Read more of our plan here :
I agree with Lin-Manuel Miranda Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt .
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families , especially for parents who work non-traditional hours .
Ill-conceived military decisions , such as the invasion of Iraq , can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades .
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years .
Voter ID laws , discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression .
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate !
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here :
Together .
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution !
Tune in to BernieInSeattle live here :
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable .
Violence and brutality , particularly at the hands of the police , is unacceptable and must not be tolerated .
Under my administration , the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands .
A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution .  BirdieSanders
The American people are not looking to settle for inches .  They're looking for real change .
BirdieSanders and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field .  Meet us there :
BirdieSanders
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here :   BernieInPDX
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation .
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country - once the envy of the world - has been disappearing .
We have more people in jail than any other country .  Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans .
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy .
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008 , but Social Security was right there paying full benefits .
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make , not the Governor of indiana .
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction .
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act .  Voting should not be this difficult .
On Tuesday night , people waited in line for 5 hours to vote .  We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots .  This is unacceptable .
I'm glad to see Greg Stanton asking Justice Department to investigate the voting delays in Arizona .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world .
It's   time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .  This law has no place in America .
My plan :  break up big banks , close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share .  Then we can expand health care and make college free .
As president , I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade .  We must protect and expand a woman's   right to abortion .
As president , I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights .
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military policy must be to destroy ISIS , but to do it in a way that does not get 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 troops involved in perpetual warfare .
As president , I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly .  I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote .
No , we're not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a moral objection to it .  HandsOffMyBC
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .  HandsOffMyBC
It is time for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity .
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few .
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here :
It's   a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election .
Idaho , stand up and fight for American democracy , an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy .  IDCaucus
I continue to stand by the President's   calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough .
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts !
It's   important we not succumb to bigotry .  We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people .  We are not fighting a religion .
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House .
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium :
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed .  We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here , not cast them out .
Wonder how many $27 contributions Hillary Clinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist :
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman .
I believe israel , Palestine and the international community can , must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace .
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   ForThePeople
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  ForThePeople
Wisconsin !  This political revolution is one that is of the people and ForThePeople .  Register to vote by April 1 .
We've shown what's   possible competing against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .
When we stand together , we win .  ForThePeople
This campaign is a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying :  enough is enough .  ForThePeople
As president , I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v .  Wade .
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era .
When we come together and don't allow people to divide us , we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent .
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history .
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues .
Together , we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare .
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10 , 15 , 20 years down the line - someone with judgment .
Unfortunately , what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true .
In 2003 , I voted against the War in Iraq .  It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war .
That starts with defending veterans' benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress .
In the wake of that war , we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans .
That's   money that could have been spent on rebuilding America's   schools , roads , bridges and water systems .
When the last benefits are calculated , that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars .
Utah , join the political revolution .  Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday , March 22 .  ByThePeople
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution ByThePeople .  Go out and vote on Tuesday .
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  ByThePeople
This campaign is a political revolution ByThePeople , and we must make sure that health care is a right , not a privilege .
Change will not come without political participation .  Join us :   ByThePeople
No one said a political revolution would be easy .  We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose .  ByThePeople
Arizona , Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday .  We have a good chance to win if we stand together .  ByThePeople
This is a campaign of the people , ByThePeople and for the people .
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire .  We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together .
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians .
Bernie is not a politician of convenience .  He understands that the powerless need a voice .  -
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's   border is wrong and immoral .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet , we must fight for fair wages for all .
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics .  We need a political revolution .
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   OfThePeople
The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day or a year .  It's   the struggle of a lifetime .  OfThePeople
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  OfThePeople
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation .  They ain't seen nothing yet .  OfThePeople
It's   important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see .  ofthePeople
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain OfThePeople .  They want real change !
Touring the border here in Nogales , Arizona .  I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families .
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges , not more walls .  Pope Francis is right .
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement .  OfThePeople
This is a campaign OfThePeople , by the people , and for the people .
Vote for the political revolution .  GetMillennialsToVoteIn5Words
Sec .  Clinton may disagree with me , but I don't think it's   a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad .
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah .  We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout .
We can have differences about when to go to war , but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned .  DefendTheGIBill
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors .
And while we don't guarantee health care to all , we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending .
Sec .  Clinton says she got to travel the world .  Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people ?
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free .  I know my opponent thinks it's   a radical idea , I don't .
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street .
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
This is why my plan to ActOnClimate starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground .
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution .
Sec .  Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry .  I am doing it a different way .
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint ?  FlintWaterCrisis
Here's   a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us .
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits .
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations .
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  We can change this system .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security .
No one said the political revolution would be easy .  We're facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose .  Donate :
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control .
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs .  America needs a political revolution .
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans .
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken .
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system .
Seen in Chicago .
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests .
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem .  Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign .  This is a grassroots campaign .
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers , not just coal workers .
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers .
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .
Hillary Clinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money .
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet .
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment .
When we talk about education , we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage .  DemTownHall
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty .  DemTownHall
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders .  DemTownHall
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .  DemTownHall
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process .  We should condemn violence not encourage it .  DemTownhall
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois .
The American people don't need a president who says the right things in a stump speech .  They need a president who is with them every day .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care .
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child .
I have a message for Secretary Clinton :  We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement .  We need to defeat it .
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price .
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .
Every American , regardless of their income , should have access to a college education .  -
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me .  I don't want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers .
We do things a little different in this campaign :  We bring people TOGETHER .  BernieInIL
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system .
Remembering Jane Lang .  We will continue her fight for universal health care .
As president , I will govern based on principle not poll numbers .  Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests .
That's   a good question .  My answer is yes .
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars .  Unlike Sec .  Clinton , I have nothing to release .
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement , not a weaker one .
I agree .  That's   why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions .
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources .
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history .
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians .  We must overturn Citizens United before it's   too late .
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement , a political revolution in this country .
It's   unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits .
Real change takes place when people stand up and say enough is enough , and when we create a political revolution from the ground up .
PolitiFact :  Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind .
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people's   campaign .
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 We've lost 60 ,000 factories since 2001 .
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America .  DebateWithBernie
Sec .  Clinton is arguing that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people .
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage .  How would Hillary Clinton get there ?  UnivisionDebate
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after .  Unfortunately , he was right .
The head of Goldman Sachs didn't give Bernie $225 ,000 for a speech .  He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street .  And he's   right .
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders .  UnivisionDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .   nytimes
The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners .  - Hillary Clinton on the auto bailout in 2008 .
Hillary Clinton doubles down on negative tactics and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times :
We have laws .  - Hillary Clinton DemDebate
I will not deport children from the United States of America .  I can make that promise .  DemDebate
Clinton acknowledged that , in some cases , a child's   deportation could bring them great harm .   DemDebate
As president , I will not support driver's   licenses for undocumented people .  .  .  - Hillary Clinton in 2007
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .
When we began we were 50 points behind the inevitable Democratic nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  DemDebate
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the DemDebate in Miami .  Tune in live here  and DebateWithBernie .
I stand with Chicago teachers .  We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street .
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people .  We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs .
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty .  There's   enough violence in the world and the government shouldn't add to it .
Multinational corporations making billions , moving jobs overseas , are asking for handouts from our middle class ?  I don't think so .
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right .  That's   taking care of its people .  Not more tax breaks for the rich .
Rick Scott veto this bill .  Don't play politics with abortion .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids ?
At the end of the day big money doesn't always win .  What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us .
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class .  A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally , economically or politically .
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation , the wealthy have never had it so good .
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men .  It's   sexism and it has got to end .
This is what we can learn from history :  when people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials .  This should make us all proud .
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  IWD2016
We must ensure pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work - it's   not a radical idea .  InternationalWomensDay
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi ?  Use iVoted and share this image !
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave .  InternationalWomensDay
This is why it's   so important that our Democratic debate moderators AskAboutAbortion .
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  GOTVforBernie
Change cannot take place without political participation .
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014 :
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman , without interference from politicians .  InternationalWomensDay
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it's   Wall Street that regulates Congress .
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick .  Health care must be a right , not a privilege .
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change .  We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it .
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change .
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty .
It took Fox News to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate .  DemTownHall
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need a serious discussion about the issues .
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance .
From the Washington Post Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout .  He even voted for it .
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   DemDebate
Safe fracking is like clean coal , pure fiction .  DemDebate
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking .  Hillary Clinton does .  Big difference .  DemDebate
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail's   father , consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family :
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes .  Why do they need our taxpayer dollars ?  DemDebate
FACT :  Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008 .  DemDebate
Bernie was one of the first , not one of the last , to oppose the job-killing TPP .  DemDebate cc :
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint ?  DemDebate
At the end of the day , I will trust the people to create a government that works for them , not Corporate America or Wall Street .  DemDebate
We're glad that Hillary Clinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov .  Snyder's   resignation .  DemDebate
Children in America should not be poisoned .  The federal government must act .  No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water .  DemDebate
The governor of Michigan must resign , but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint .  DemDebate
I helped write the Affordable Care Act .  It's   done some great things , but we must do more .  50 million are still uninsured or underinsured .
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
This is a sad day for America .  Nancy Reagan had a good heart , and she will be dearly missed .
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .
America's   radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class .
This campaign is not about me-it's   about all of us .  No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together .
U . S .  trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit , Flint :
We've got the momentum , the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia .
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign .  There are no excuses .
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .
Tune in live to the Warren , Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon !   GOTVforBernie
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance .
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5 ,000 a year .
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry .  I'm not afraid of them , not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America .
When we talk about public education , it is not just 1st grade through 12th .  We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free .
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   GOTVforBernie
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society .
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need .  BernieInIL
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people .  BernieInIL
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  BernieInIL
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman .
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child .
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families , not billionaires buying elections .
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change - real change - and that is what this campaign is about .
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .   BernieInKS
In many states , it's   legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender .  We're gonna change that !  BernieInKS
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street .
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity .  BernieInKS
Not many people know it , but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960 .  What changed ?  Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs .
Change happens from the bottom up .  Keep fighting , sisters and brothers .  GOPDebate
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he's   not worried because if elected she'll flip back to support it .
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner .
Here is a radical idea .  Let's   listen to the scientists , not the politicians .  BernieInNE
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails .  BernieInNE
43 ,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA .  I opposed that bad deal , Hillary Clinton did not .
I know that Sec .  Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big .  I don't think so .
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's   free trade policies .
If we are going to win this primary , we have to be ready to fight , organize , and win in the states ahead .  Volunteer :
Our trade policy must change .  Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America , not in low-wage countries .
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs - jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class - now pay a poverty wage of $9 . 60 an hour ?
Happening now :  press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan .  Tune in live here :
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation .
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury .  It's   crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world .
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  FeelTheBern
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income .
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  BernieInPortland
It's   time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters .
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Volunteer to help us win :
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman's   constitutional right .  StopTheSham
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr
Welcome to the political revolution , Colorado !
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie .  SuperTuesday
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  SuperTuesday
Amplify the vote !  Call Bernie voters in SuperTuesday states to help with the final shift of the day :
America is about standing together .  Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality .  SuperTuesday
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on SuperTuesday ?  Use iVoted or iCaucused and share this image !
Democrats win when voter turnout is high , when people come together and we reject division .  Go vote .  SuperTuesday
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC , don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  SuperMonday
Wanna hear a radical idea ?  We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent .  SuperMonday MApoli
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton , MA .  Tune in LIVE :   SuperMonday
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .   SuperMonday
My opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   SuperMonday
Fighting for social justice is never easy .  It is always a struggle .  Join us :   SuperMonday
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  SuperMonday
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives .  SuperMonday
Vote to win the White House .  SuperMonday
Great article by Elizabeth Warren This is exactly what our campaign is talking about .
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country .
Tune in now to the Tom Joyner for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
On the road with my most trusted adviser Jane O'Meara Sanders
Bernie Sanders can't do this alone .  We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement .  COpolitics
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough .
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world , not the country with the most people in jail !
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
America's   first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .  Yet we leave millions overlooked .
As a veteran of the Iraq War , Rep .  Tulsi Gabbard understands the cost of war .  I am honored to have her endorsement .
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve .
It's   time for this injustice to end .
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters .  This campaign is just beginning .
It is the public - not the candidate - who decides how much disclosure is enough .   ReleaseTheTranscripts
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia , S . C .  office for the afternoon canvass launch .  SCforBernie
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits .
It's   time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave , paid sick time and paid vacation leave .
What is going on in America ?  We should be hiring educators , not firing them !
To the vast majority of the American people , democracy means one person , one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs .
Tune in now to catch NinaTurner's   introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina !  SCforBernie
I will certainly look into it .  21 days 19 hours 6 minutes
I have a radical idea :  instead of having unfettered free trade , we should have fair trade protecting workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and abroad .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's   Barber Shop in Columbia , S . C .  to talk to voters .
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president :
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs .
I have a 98% pro-union voting record .  I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement .
Since 2001 , bad trade policies caused 60 ,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close .
This great university is being threatened with cuts .  What is going on in America ?  Where are our priorities ?
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .
We need politicians who will stand with indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands .
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton ?
NYT agrees :  Hillary Clinton should release her Wall Street transcripts .  Day 20 since she said I will look into it .
Join rapper and activist Killer Mike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  They're overworked , underpaid , and under enormous stress .
All immigrants , including undocumented workers and their families , should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act .
What welfare reform did , in my view , was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country .
Let us be clear :  the campaign finance system in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is corrupt , it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed .
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable .
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren .
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up .  Another candidate does not agree .
I do not have a super pac .  One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street .  One of us does not .
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from   We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change .
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
We need to invest in jobs and job training , rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people .
It's   unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax .
Just a reminder .
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL .  I won't leave 29 million behind .
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina .  This is wrong and we're gonna change that .
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color .
Hillary Clinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches .  Aren't we better than that ?
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very , very much .  DemTownHall
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , over 1 ,000 ,000 of them , 27 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street .
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  DemTownHall
My father is from Poland .  No one has asked for my birth certificate .  Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin .  DemTownHall
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .  DemTownHall
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle :  Real change never comes from the top on down .  It always comes from the bottom up .
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans , regardless of income .
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us .  FeelTheBern
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the promise of equality .
When Bernie gets to the White House , he will do the right thing .  No flipping , no flopping .  - Spike Lee
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country .
I will certainly look into it .  - Hillary Clinton Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors .
The more people get to know Bernie , what he stands for and his consistency , the more people support him .
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all .
New analysis from   Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada .
It's   been 17 days , 16 hours and 32 minutes since Hillary Clinton said she would look into releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street .
This campaign is about bringing people together .  We understand that when we stand together , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors .
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville , volunteers kept calls going strong .  Join us :
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  BernieInSC
Here's   the reality :  the status quo is not enough .  We need real change .  And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins .  BernieInSC
Racism , sexism , and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about .  BernieInSC
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities .
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions .
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide .
We need to solve problems like immigration in America , not use these issues to promote division and hostility .
I am very proud of the campaign we ran .  Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election .
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward .
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve .
Nevada , please help us move the political revolution forward !
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people .  They want real change !
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American - on time and without delay .
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans , but Social Security was right there with full benefits .
ICYMI :  The Clintons , when they were in office , weren't exactly friends to immigrants .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   AmericaTogether
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  AmericaTogether
Welcome to the political revolution .  AmericaTogether
Questions or issues ?  Call our hotline :  AmericaTogether
It's   time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .  AmericaTogether
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  AmericaTogether
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  AmericaTogether
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  AmericaTogether
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism , hatred , and bigotry .  AmericaTogether
Under my health care plan , people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food , heat and shelter .
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract !

Glad to hear HillaryClinton's   promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin .
29 million Americans don't have health insurance .  31 million are underinsured .  That's   rationing .  Those are wait times .  DemTownHall
Every child in America , regardless of their family's   income , must be able to get the education they deserve .  It's   not a radical idea .
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers .  DemTownHall
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements .
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same .
It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty .  DemTownHall
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard .
I voted against the war in Iraq .  I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East .
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right , not a privilege .
Businesses would save over $9 ,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan .
We need to end prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain , in order to keep prison beds full .
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store :
Nevada , participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus :   NVforBernie
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy .
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .
I believe when we stand together , when we share the vision that government should work for all of us , there is nothing we can't accomplish .
This government belongs to all of us , not just a wealthy few .  That is what this campaign is about .  That is the political revolution .
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make , not the government .
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty - the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth .
When voter turnout is high , Democrats and progressives win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win .
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .
Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color .  - South Carolina Rep .  Wendell Gilliard
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks , we'll need to be ready .  Sign up for a volunteer shift :
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together .  Join us :
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States .
The Constitution is very clear :  President Obama has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices .  Let's   have a hearing and a vote .
Proud to have the support of Peace Action .
Paid family and medical leave , health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth .
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .  When people come together and we reject division .  Register to vote :
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  health care should be a right , not a privilege .
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big .  When the people lead , the leaders follow .
Civil rights icon and entertainer Harry Belafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America .
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 history at this point in a campaign .
Every year , the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans .  We must end this most revolting practice !
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can't afford it .
Happy Valentine's   Day from Nevada !
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation .  I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail .
Our campaign is funded by the people , others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest .
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us .  That doesn't solve problems , it makes them worse .  BernieInNV
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group .
America is about standing together as one people , not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality .
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did , and lied about it to protect their bottom line .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable .
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls .
As President , I will make public colleges and universities free , and we're going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation .
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry .
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution .  BernieInDenver
True freedom does not occur without economic security .  BernieInDenver
Higher education is a right .  We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt .
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's   family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing .
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability , but comes through continuous struggle .  - MLK
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty .
Tune in BernieInReno live here :
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs ;  1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .
It's   unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt .
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same .
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton's   Immigration Comments
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows .
I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend , and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy .  DemDebate
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense , which is the one major agency that has refused an audit .  DemDebate
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians .  DemDebate
About 85 percent of HillaryClinton's   campaign money has come from large donors .  DemDebate
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  DemDebate
We need radical , not incremental , reforms in our criminal justice system .  DemDebate
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals .  Hint :  it's   on this site :   DemDebate
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people :  the United States .  DemDebate
The truth :  29 million Americans have no health insurance , 31 million are uninsured .  Only one candidate has a plan to change that .  DemDebate
We need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have got to be bold .  DemDebate
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .
In the industrialized world , the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty .  That's   outrageous .
Banking should help our communities , not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy .
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement .
I am moved by the fact that our campaign's   financial support comes from more than 3 . 7 million individual contributions at an average of $27 .
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities .  We need to raise the minimum wage .
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around .
I'm going to hold a fundraiser right here , right now , across America .  - Last night , NH
As President , let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will .
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money , but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .
Happening now :  Bernie on The View on ABC .  Tune in !
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country .  The people want real change .
Never forget :  When voter turnout is high , Democrats win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win .
The media says we're going to win but we can't take anything for granted .  Please , stay in line and practice democracy .  Every vote matters .
We've leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections .  NHPrimary
There is no bank that is too big to fail , no banker too powerful to jail .  NHPrimary
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change .  NHPrimary
Health care is recognized as a right for every man , woman , and child .  NHPrimary
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt .  NHPrimary
Voting for Bernie in the NHPrimary ?  Use iVoted and share this image !
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home .
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary !
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch .  First votes cast in the FITN .
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
This is a people's   campaign .
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families .
Woah !  Big turnout for our GOTVforBernie rally at
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street .
We must increase the min .  wage to $15 , which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos .  VoteTogether
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives .  VoteTogether
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une .  Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones .  VoteTogether
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   VoteTogether
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer .  El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo .  VoteTogether
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .  VoteTogether
When we stand together , we win .  VoteTogether
To those who want to divide us up :  We're not gonna hate Latinos .  We're not gonna hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .  VoteTogether
Our job is not to divide .  Our job is to bring people together .  VoteTogether
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation , not allow them to divide us .  VoteTogether
Standing together , we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs .  VoteTogether
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution .
When it comes to supporting real family values , the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  FITN
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all .
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire .  GOTVforBernie
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security .
Things in New Hampshire are pretty , pretty , pretty good !  Help us win :   BernieOnSNL
Live from New York it's   Saturday Night !  BernieOnSNL
Unilateral military action should be a last resort , not a first resort .
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire .  FITN
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia .
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win .
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .  Bernie2016
Millions of Americans lost their jobs , homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street .  FITN
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials .
Remember :  this government belongs to all of us , not just a few wealthy campaign donors .  NHDems2016
On our worst days , it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days .  nhdems2016
Gov .  Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing .
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying .
I urge Sec .  Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security .
Surprisingly , American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance .  We just don't get it .
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters' ability to participate .
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes .
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .  FMLA23
Huffington Post :  Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life .
On our worst days , it's   fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate .  DemDebate
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants .  DemDebate
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA , I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA .  DemDebate
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  DemDebate
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get .  DebateWithBernie
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  There are no excuses .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Lati s .  We must abolish it .  DemDebate
Fewer email questions .  More questions about protecting women's   reproductive health .  DemDebate
Experience is important , but so is judgment .  And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War .  The other didn't .  DemDebate
It's   easy to apologize for making bad decisions .  It's   harder to make the right ones .  DemDebate
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DebateWithBernie
I am pretty proud that we have over 1 . 3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  .  DebateWithBernie
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance - I am the only one on stage without a super PAC .  DemDebate
ICYMI DemDebate
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  I believe health care should be a right , not a privilege .  DemDebate
I don't believe in free college .  -
Bernie's   education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DemDebate
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's   rigged by Wall Street and that's   the problem .  DemDebate
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .  nhpolitics
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of .  FITN
We need to ensure that workers have the skills , equipment , and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy .
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  NHWorkingFamilies
We're proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's   support in Nevada .
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change .
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .  DemTownHall
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .  DemTownHall
Change has always come from the bottom on up .  That's   what every major movement has been about .  That's   what we need right now .  DemTownHall
My spirituality is that we are all in this together .  When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me .  DemTownHall
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans , not a privilege .  DemTownHall
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan .  DemTownHall
Tune in to the DemTownHall right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Climate change isn't just a problem for the future - the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now .
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .
Some other days .  .  .
Of course .  There is no debate about this among progressives .
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country .
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq .  One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States .
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one .  Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership .  They didn't have to think about it a whole lot .
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street .
It's   immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations .
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking .  PeopleBeforePolluters
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration .
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country .  Disproportionately African-American and Latino .
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees .  It's   Wall Street's   time to help the middle class .
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done .  nhpolitics
In the year 2016 , public colleges and universities should be tuition free .  How will we pay for it ?  We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation .
Last night , we began the political revolution not just in Iowa , not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation .
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election .
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along :  when we stand together , anything is possible .
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us
Let's   be clear .  This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people .  CaucusForBernie
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .  CaucusForBernie
Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00 This is a people's   campaign .  CaucusForBernie
Football is a spectator sport .  Democracy is not a spectator sport .  CaucusForBernie
Together we can build a future that works for all of us , not just the few on top .  CaucusForBernie
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  CaucusForBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  CaucusForBernie
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  Together , we will do that .  CaucusForBernie
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry .
Let me say it loudly and clearly :  I believe that health care should be a right , not a privilege .
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy .  Together , we're gonna stop that .
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that can't get done in Washington .  Couldn't disagree more .
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money .
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth .  CaucusForBernie
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low .
Sec .  Clinton and I have differences of opinion .  Let's   debate those differences , not go around distorting records .
Up next I'll be on ABC's   This Week and CNN's   State of the Union Tune in !
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months .  The momentum is with us .  CaucusForBernie
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana .  That is absurd and it is destroying lives .
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout .  To get people involved in the political process .  CaucusForBernie
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families .
Mankind must put an end to war , or war will put an end to mankind .  - John F .  Kennedy
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem , NH about building a revolution .  NotMeUs
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  NotMeUs
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , we will win .  If we are divided , the big-money interests win .  NotMeUs
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  NotMeUs
If we stand together on Monday night , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  NotMeUs CaucusForBernie :
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  NotMeUs
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  NotMeUs
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  NotMeUs
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process , we will not bring about the real change we need .  NotMeUS
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president , it's   about creating a grassroots political movement .  NotMeUs
The concept of the minimum wage , was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as socialist .
It's   time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system .
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D .  Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone .
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the 1 percent .
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
Instead of cutting head start and childcare , we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country .
BREAKING :  Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world .
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes , they actually got a rebate .
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
I applaud state legislators for leading on EqualPayCantWait .  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .
A living wage should not only be fair , it should be equitable .  We must pass pay equity for women workers .  EqualPayCantWait
When we began we were 50 pts behind the inevitable Dem nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity , and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects .
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population .
If we stand together , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  We can bring hope to the political process .  We can make real change .
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .
People should not underestimate us .  Let's   rock the boat .  IAcaucus
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process .  Change happens when we stand up and fight back .
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour .
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win .
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value .
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire .
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates .  Hillary Clinton has not .  Why is that ?  The answer is obvious .
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are .  iacaucus
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day , we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate .
We are the wealthiest nation in the world , but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections .  Ordinary people don't vote .  We have an economic and political crisis in this country .
Regardless of their income , we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all .
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet .
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support .
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union , it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions .
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic , civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes .
We must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  BernieInMN
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInMN
Ready for a radical idea ?  We're gonna invest in jobs and education , not more jails and incarceration .  BernieInMN
Speaking shortly in St .  Paul , MN .  There is a lot of enthusiasm out here !  Tune in LIVE here :   BernieInMN
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  BernieInMN
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work .  BernieInMN
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  That's   wrong .  BernieInMN
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  BernieInMN
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person should not be living in poverty .
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood .  Planned Parenthood is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded .
Experience is important , but so is judgement .  DemTownHall
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction .  DemTownHall
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemTownHall
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .  DemTownHall
I StandWithPP against those who want to take away a woman's   right to an abortion .
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes .
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers .
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security .  This woman's   story was heartbreaking .
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
The greed of the billionaire class , and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans .
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis , NH .  fitn
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short .
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all .
Physicians agree :  single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured .
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
Under my administration , Wall Street won't be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products .
If Wall Street does not end their greed , we will end it for them .
If we're going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone .  I was out front on that issue .
Hillary Clinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable .  We couldn't agree more .  - Jeff Weaver
Join Sarah Silverman George Lopez Kevin Nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26 .  Tickets here :
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .  Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure .
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors .
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy , the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it .
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing .
People are saying , How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires ?
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  We must lift the cap .
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications .
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America .  We can deliver change , but not by tinkering with the system at the margins .
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  Welcome to the political revolution .  WeAreBernie
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet .
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs .  nhpolitics
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus .  Take a couple minutes and listen to John's   story .
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be clear , it's   not a war that we're gonna allow them to win .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :
I would expand initiatives that protect women's   health , access to contraception , and the availability of a safe and legal abortion .  Roe43
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade , resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment .
I join with Planned Parenthood , NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women's   right to choose .  Roe43
As president , I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman's   right to an abortion .  Roe43
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v .  Wade guaranteed a woman's   right to choose .
Despite major advances in civil and political rights , our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality .
If Democrats want to win the general election , frankly , I think I'm the stronger candidate .
What's   Clinton's   Secret Health Care Plan ?
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise .
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road .
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels .
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days .  cc :  Hillary Clinton
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Lati s don't have a high-speed internet connection at home .  They deserve a RightToConnect .
We must do all we can to provide all Americans , especially low-income families , affordable access to broadband .  RightToConnect
There needs to be a path back from prison , including a restoration of full voting rights .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  NHPolitics
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us , not just the 1 percent .  fitn
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption .
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .
ICYMI :  Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game :   iacaucus
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 .  It's   time to raise the minimum wage .
Corporate greed needs to end ;  they're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans .
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer , and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand .
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not .  RightToConnect
Where's   Clinton's   Climate Plan ?
I oppose the Bakken pipeline .  Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels , not increase our dependence .
The debate is over .  Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded .  This planet is in trouble .
It's   wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent .
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues .
I'll be on the Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show on MSNBC shortly .  Tune in now .  iacaucus
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process .  Our thoughts are with his family .
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service to engage in basic banking services .
If Congress continues to fail to act , as president I would uphold and expand the president's   action .
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action .
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country .  They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money .
Must read :  The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3 . 5 Billion
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking .
We need to look at addiction not as a crime , but a health issue .  BernieInAL
Health care is a right , not a privilege .  That's   why my plan will insure every American .
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE to Cornel West and Nina Turner in Alabama here :   BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say :  Enough is enough !   BernieinAL
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth .
This country was built by immigrants .  I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed .
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities .  We've gotta change that .
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .
Martin Luther King Jr :  This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  MLKDay
As we honor MLK , we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America .
Want to get on the front page of the paper ?  I have to make some vicious attack .  I won't do that .  DemDebate
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .   nytimes
If elected president , Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans .  DebateWithBernie
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights .  That's   why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act .  DemDebate
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
Where do the candidates get their money ?  DemDebate
It's   amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science .  DemDebate
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DemDebate
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs .  DebateWithBernie
We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  FeelTheBern
MedicareForAll will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade .
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemDebate
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth .
Bernie's   plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's   health over profits .   DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  DebateWithBernie
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities , including in training academies and leadership .  DemDebate
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation .  DemDebate
Polls confirm :  Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election .  DemDebate
In 1988 , Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons .  DemDebate
Our campaign is about thinking big :  health care for all , $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs .  DebateWithBernie
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically , socially and environmentally .  DebateWithBernie
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  FightFor15
Before we head to the DemDebate , I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the FightFor15 and a union .
MedicareForAll means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges .
My MedicareForAll plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans , including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured .
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my MedicareForAll plan .
It's   time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   DebateWithBernie
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for .  FITN
Streaming live right now discussing MLK's   legacy :
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including china , an authoritarian country 4 times our size .
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us , not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires .
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents , it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids .
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in .
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans .  That cannot continue .
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy .  That will change under my administration .
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking , investment banking , and insurance services .
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world .
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  The people of Flint deserve more than an apology .
Because of the conduct by Gov .  Snyder's   administration , families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives .
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .
Sanders Statement :  Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out .
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions .
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress .
And within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .
During the first 100 days of my administration , the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies .
Under my administration , Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs won't go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government .
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street .
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud .
As president , I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases .  KeepitintheGround
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands .  We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground .
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans .
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades .
So , yes , we are going to expand , not cut , Social Security benefits .  GOPDebate
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  GOPDebate
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  GOPDebate
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering .  During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  GOPDebate
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign .  They haven't seen the polls .  GOPDebate
Marco Rubio I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood .  GOPDebate
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's   income .  BernieInHanover
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's   pay equity .
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government .
We can live in a nation where everyone , no matter their race , religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality .
In 2015 , a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago .  Public colleges should be tuition free .
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking .  fitn
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham .  RSVP here :   BernieInAL
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy .  BreakEmUp
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class , or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ?
Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis ;  recklessness on Wall Street did .  -
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking   to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future .
Flashback :  Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008
Tune in to   on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together , we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose .
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by banning the box .
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American , regardless of income .
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  Bernie2016
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a worker's   pursuit of happiness and economic productivity .
We need to ban prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full .
Healthcare must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible .
Proud to have the millions of MoveOn . org members join our people-powered campaign .  Welcome to the political revolution .
ICYMI - Joe Biden on our campaign :
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .  DemForum
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemForum
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular .  We've gotta change that .  DemForum
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  DemForum
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all , single-payer system .
If I am elected President , the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over .
The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again .  - Jesus Chuy Garcia
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home , we have the moral responsibility to protect them .
If voter turn out is low , if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see .
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country .
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man , woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people .
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low , that many of their workers are on Medicaid , food stamps and in subsidized housing .  BernieInIA
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street .  It is not the exception to the rule .  It is the rule .
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship .
Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico .
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders .
I'll be on This Week in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation .  Tune in !  ThisWeek
We must also cap ATM fees at $2 . 00 .  People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM .
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent .
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  PPL1stSummit
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country .  We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent .  PPL1stSummit
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change .
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  BernieInIA
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program .  BernieInIA
We will win in 2016 .  Not just the White House and the Congress , but Statehouses all across the country .  iacaucus
What we're doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this ?
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents .
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process .
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth , including china , an authoritarian country four times our size .  iacaucus
Here's   my pledge :  no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration .
What's   fair is fair .  All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage .  Period .
If President Johnson had taken the same position as Hillary Clinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare .
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security .
Just like Social Security , paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into .  Just $1 . 61 a week for the average worker .
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth .  That's   unacceptable .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
I am confident I would win .
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself .
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese .
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high .
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from .
What I've been saying loudly and clearly is :  We've gotta invest in more jobs and education , not jails and incarceration .
Sanders' Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation :
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
We've shown what's   possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .
In my view , it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM .
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable .
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada .
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity .
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution .
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families .
We need to take a hard look at the use of force .  Lethal force should be the last resort , not the first resort .
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  NVDemsCaucus
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution .
Here is a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !  NVDemsCaucus
It's   not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  NVDemsCaucus
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's   actions .  Solidarity in the fight for workers' dignity .
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory .  I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people .
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be very clear , it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
ICYMI :  Here's   my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they can't crash our economy again .  BreakEmUp
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
Join me for a special DFA Live conference call this Thursday .  RSVP here :
But we have something they don't have :  millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system .
Yes , Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them .  BreakEmUp
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement .
In my view , it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating .  BreakEmUp
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions , independent from Wall Street .  BreakEmUp
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free .  BreakEmUp
If we are serious about reforming our financial system , we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators .
Under my administration , Equal Justice Under Law will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans .  BreakEmUp
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  BreakEmUp
In my view , establishment politicians are the ones who need to cut it out .  Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks .
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry .  I disagree .  BreakEmUp
Within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .  BreakEmUp
Here is a New Year's   Resolution that we will keep :  If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them .  BreakEmUp
In 2008 , the greed , recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .  BreakEmUp
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .  BreakEmUp
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States .  BreakEmUp
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .  BreakEmUp
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  BreakEmUp
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .  BreakEmUp
I support President Obama's   executive actions to make our communities safer .
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .  BreakEmUp
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .  nhpolitics
As a result of Citizens United , some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires .  Not me .  fitn
I met a man who's   been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's   worried about his social security being garnished when he retires .
At this moment in history we need proven leadership that's   prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country .
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .  NHPSC
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages .  nhpsc fitn
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas , not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful .
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .
This campaign cannot be won by me alone .  That is absolutely for sure .  To win , all of us must be deeply involved .
Virginia , join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week :
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need .
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's   happening in America .
At the end of the day , the most important tool isn't a test .  It's   teachers who care about the children .
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements .  fitn
If I am elected president of the United States , the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end .
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  fitn
While Bernie is in Londonderry , volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors .  fitn
Q .  Why is my husband's   medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada ?  A :  Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists .
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence .  nhpolitics
We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices .
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps .  fitn
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
SCForBernie is ready to shock some people on election day and win the 1stInTheSouth primary .
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt , which allows billionaires to buy elections .
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections .
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .
Worcester , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInMA
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented , who are frightened , and who are living in the shadows .  BernieInMA
I voted against NAFTA , CAFTA , PNTR with china .  They have been a disaster for the American worker .  BernieInMA
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body .  I disagree .  BernieInMA
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics .  BernieInAmherst
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort .
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's   scientific community is saying .
Let's   better understand social and economic justice , tolerance , respect for all people and the environment .
Let's   make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America .
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear .
As 2015 comes to an end , my family , staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a HappyNewYear .
Together , we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember .
With prescription drugs soaring , tell me how one gets by on $13 ,000 a year ?  The answer is :  they don't .
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system .  We can do better than that .
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls , emails , and websites we visit .
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent .
I'm proud of this decision .  Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA .
We have seen far too many people , often African Americans , who are unarmed , shot and killed by police officers .
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system .
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free , we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt .
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans .  That is not what freedom is about .
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  IACaucus
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old , can expect to live to the age of 92 .  A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78 .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 16th in the world in terms of broadband access .
It's   important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world .
We should be making it easier , not harder for people to go solar .
We need a mass political movement in this country .  BernieInDavenport
It's   unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies , while the bottom 62% don't receive any .
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition .
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS , but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare .
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology .
First snowy day in Derry , NH and out talking about ending inequality .  nhpolitics Volunteer :
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors , we've got military families on food stamps .  Maybe we want to change that .
To those who want to divide us up :  No , we're not going to hate Latinos .  We're not going to hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights .  I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society .
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President BernieInVegas :
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal .
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us .
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding .  BernieInVegas
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division ,
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation , Nevada .  Up next on FOX5 Las Vegas BernieInVegas
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right .
If I were elected president , the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse .
The truth is , the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress .
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave .  BernieInReno
When Republicans talk about family values , they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood .  BernieInReno
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno , Nevada town hall .  Username :  Bernie . Sanders BernieInReno
Next year , four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm :  Goldman Sachs .
Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob .  - Franklin D .  Roosevelt
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer .
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened .
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory .
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare .
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq .
It's   time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas :
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency .  Why do we tolerate this ?
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope , a refuge for the oppressed .
Merry Christmas !
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent .
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make national health care sound scary .  It is not .
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records .
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here , not cast them out .
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do ?
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America .
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids :
When they divide us up , they win .  When we stand together as one people , we win .
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  School teachers and educators are real American heroes .
If Congress does not act , we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families .
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonald's   murder should be held accountable .
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do .
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .
I'm getting a very good feeling about Iowa .  Must read :
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ?
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America .
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people .
To rein in Wall Street , we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve .
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world .
It's   all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank .  NHPolitics Help reach NH voters :
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up .
We're gonna have some fun , we're gonna make a political revolution , we're gonna transform America .  Other than that , not much .  FeelTheBern
The second 100 days of the political revolution .  .  .
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case :
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America , I accept Wall Street not liking me .
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows .
I guess Christmas Eve was booked .  - Michael Briggs , Comms .  Director
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment .
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  And they've worked .
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole .
Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win ;  Breaks Major Fundraising Record
Corporate greed is rampant , and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .  DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH .  This is a crisis , and we need to treat it as a health issue-not throw people in jail .
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Jessica Hernandez , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more .
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemDebate
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  DebateWithBernie
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DebateWithBernie
CEO's   of large multinationals may like Hillary Clinton but they ain't gonna like me .  DemDebate
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .  DebateWithBernie
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege .
Bernie helped lead the effort against Bill Clinton who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class , the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy . DebateWithBernie
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  DebateWithBernie
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  Invest in infrastructure , not more war .  DemDebate
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  DebateWithBernie
I worry that Hillary Clinton is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be .
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DemDebate
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup - $200 billion a soccer event , yet very little to fight against ISIS .  DemDebate
I voted against the war in Iraq .  That was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone .
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  DemDebate
Bernie Sanders' gun record  ( 1994 )
There's   only one candidate on stage who voted against  ( and led the opposition to )  the Iraq War .  DebateWithBernie
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics .  DebateWithBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  DebateWithBernie
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  DemDebate
Make sure to add Bernie . sanders on Snapchat for updates throughout the DemDebate !
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs .
We can deliver change , but we can't do it by tinkering with the system at the margins .  We need a political revolution .
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation :  DebateWithBernie .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it .
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well .
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
I'm on the phone now with George Lopez Click here to listen in --&gt ;   UnidosConBernie
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  Join us :
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .
I'm proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign .
Brothers and sisters , let me thank the 700 ,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support .
I stand with United flight attendants as 24 ,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract .
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution .
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money , not just on elections , but for control of our media too .
My Iowa staff is doing a reddit AMA on Saturday !  Stay tuned for details .
I am calling on all of us in public life , including my fellow candidates for president , and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred .
If we stand for anything , we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism .
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages , the Fed's   decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families .
I voted against the war in Iraq , and that was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone .
Tune in right now on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill .
Let us not forget :  This country belongs to all of us , not just a handful of billionaires .
Fifth GOPDebate is over .  Like the first , not one word about income inequality , climate change , or racial justice .  The Rs are out of touch .
Still waiting , waiting , waiting .  GOPDebate
Hit mute on the GOPDebate and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system :
What's   reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  GOPDebate
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates !  FeelTheBern
A lot of talk about war .  No talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .  GOPDebate
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms .  GOPDebate
Repeat after me :  We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  GOPDebate
Pharma Bro's   Latest Move Targets Latinos .  Must Read :
Greed is destroying our economy .  What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us .
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1% .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street .
It is absurd that one family  ( the Waltons of Walmart has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .
Join me for a UnidosConBernie tele-town hall with George Lopez this Thursday .  RSVP here :
When people get out of jail , it is not easy for them to find a job .  It is not easy to return to civil society .  Lives are being destroyed .
This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa .  - Jeff Weaver , Campaign Manager
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .
deray mckesson We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore .  Read the new version here :
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country .
In my view , we need to invest in jobs and education , not jails and incarceration .
What's   radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college ?  NHPolitics
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty .
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  fitn
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work .
  builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all .  Honored to receive their endorsement .
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is totally inadequate .  We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country .  We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare .
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail .  iacaucus
A future we can believe in .  .  .
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for .  We have come a long way in seven months .  iacaucus
Iowa , together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement .  iacaucus
We must make sure that every veteran in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve .  iacaucus
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  iacaucus
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues .  nhpolitics
We are far from eradicating racism in this country .
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well .  Time for real change .
America's   Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority .  Must read :
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign :
We must work to unite families , not tear them apart .
In the year 2015 , we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago .
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day .
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant .  Period .  No excuses .  The Confederate flag on campus must come down .
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country .
It's   time for a single-payer health care system in America .  Bernie2016
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process .  Please go to  and become part of the political revolution .
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege .
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government .
I want kids whose parents don't- like my parents didn't - have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free .
We can take one simple , basic step right now :  keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Sign here :
We need , very clearly , major , major reform in a broken criminal justice system .  From top to bottom .
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour .  And I apologize to nobody for that .
We bailed out Wall Street .  It's   their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free .
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .
In the last 30 years , there has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction .
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasn't contributed a single nickel to the deficit .  Not a nickel .
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to IACaucus day .  Join them :
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont , New Hampshire .  nhpolitics
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , 800 ,000 of them , 30 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street .
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money .  I will break up these big banks .
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate .  This is a people's   campaign .  Together , we will win .
Let's   say it loud and clear :  Our government belongs to all of us , and not just a hand full of billionaires .  Bernie2016
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we are going to expand them .  We are going forward , not backwards .
Instead of cutting Medicare , or privatizing Medicare , we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right .
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  nhpolitics
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  TakeAStand with
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined :
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry .  The Veteran's   Administration does it , Medicare doesn't - that's   crazy .
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All !  Click here to sign up :
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race , gender , sexual orientation or country of origin .
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices .  Pfizer already has a poor record on that score .
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .
In an hour , I'll be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my Families First immigration plan .  Tune in :
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House .  PeopleBeforePolluters
ExxonKnew about climate change before anyone else did .  Now , they're lying about it for profit .  Enough-we must put PeopleBeforePolluters .
Climate change is an economic issue , health concern , and security threat all at once .  PeopleBeforePolluters
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science .  Enough is enough !  PeopleBeforeProfits
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  PeopleBeforeProfits
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet .  PeopleBeforePolluters
It's   time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters .  PeopleBeforePolluters
We must learn the lesson of Iraq .  American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East .
Happy Hanukkah !
PostalBanking is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders .  Join me to make it a reality .  Sign now :
In NH , Bob , a veteran , talks with another veteran about joining our movement .  nhpolitics
We are one world and one people .  And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering .
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should .
Why do we have people working 40 hours and can't afford to feed their kids ?  The answer is pretty simple :  wages in America are too damn low .
I'll be on Face The Nation shortly to discuss the major issues facing America .  Tune in now on CBS .
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .
It's   time for instant background checks , ending the gun show loophole , and banning assault weapons .  People don't hunt with assault weapons .
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW
We will defend Planned Parenthood .  Solidarity
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt .
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class .  fitn
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .
We're excited to have launched our new Snapchat Follow us on the campaign trail :  bernie . sanders
We do not need a tough foreign policy , we need a smart foreign policy .  nhpolitics
In these difficult times , against vitriolic Republican rhetoric , we must protect a woman's   right to choose .  solidarity nhpolitics
Maybe , just maybe , we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration !  fitn
Packed house at Keene State University .  Tune in LIVE here :   nhpolitics
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Keene , New Hampshire LIVE NOW :
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies .  Solidarity
I StandWithPP and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .  Solidarity
Members of congress , mostly men I should add , are trying to roll back the clock on women's   reproductive rights .
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check .  That has gotta be eliminated .
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1 . 25 a day .
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people .  The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails .
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonald's   murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign .
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world .
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water .
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population - 3 . 5 billion people .
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250 ,000 a year .  Must read :
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity , it is an act of justice .  .  .  It is man-made and it can be overcome  .  .  .  - Nelson Mandela
Until we win single payer , we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer :
Make no mistake :  The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women .  We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose .
  for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us , not just the top 1 percent .
We must invest in our public institutions !  We stand with   in their fight for a fair contract .
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby .
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision .
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches , sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality .
The amazing staff   can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire .  StandwithPP
Democracy means one person one vote .  It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections .
Rosa Parks , by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus , inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation .
It's   absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them .  ExxonKnew
In the world's   richest nation , we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford .  WorldAIDSDay
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows .
We need to rethink the so-called War on Drugs and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act .
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta , we had a good week :
Congress does not regulate Wall Street , Wall Street regulates Congress .  Must read :
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change .  New Hampshire , join the political revolution :   fitn nhpolitics
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low .  Democrats win when voter turnout is high .  nhpolitics
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS .  That must change .
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed .
I am running for president because we must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  JJdinner
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families , not just for millionaires and billionaires .  fitn
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs .  NHDPJJ
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change .  They don't want the same-old , same-old .  They want a political revolution .
Tune in to the New Hampshire JJdinner LIVE NOW :   NHDPJJ
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .  JJDinner
Let's   get big money out of politics .  NHDPJJ
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors .
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen , we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare .  We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans .
Remember :  this is OUR movement .  New Hampshire , join the revolution here :   fitn
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's   doing .  I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income .  We can't leave 29 million uninsured .
We proudly StandWithPP of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it .
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads , bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment .
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons , the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion .  BlackFriday
With a net worth of more than $136 billion , the six Walmart heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans .  BlackFriday
Corporations are not people .
Walmart shouldn't be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid , food stamps , and government housing .  BlackFriday
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue .
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .
We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence .  - FDR
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel .  And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries .
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground .  Must read :
Why are we told that it's   OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border ?
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire .  I am very proud of our movement .  NHPolitics
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonald's   murder .
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right .  Let's   change that .
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system .
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows .
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  Read my immigration plan here :
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote .  We must engage people back into the democratic system .
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party - just one family .  That is oligarchy .
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically .
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue , not a criminal issue .  BernieInATL
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInATL
Dr .  King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans .
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
I am running for one simple reason :  I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation .
I'm not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad , but to rebuild America's   strength at home .
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation .
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal .
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 under our plan for raising wages .
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's   important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child .
By providing Medicare for everyone , we can save the typical family making $50 ,000 more than $5 ,000 each year .
We should strengthen and expand Social Security .  Read our plan here :
We need police forces , including leadership and training departments , that reflect the diversity of our communities .
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers .
It's   very expensive to be poor .  2020Approach
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  2020Approach
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  2020Approach
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Walter Scott , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more .
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue :  the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody .  2020Approach
Together , we can dismantle this corrupt political system - one phone call , one flyer , one conversation at a time .
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American people's   desire for real change .  BernieInSC
Disappointed that Hillary Clinton doesn't think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5 ,000 a year .
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity .
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists .
Our grassroots movement is organizing , communicating , and connecting in communities across the country .  Join us :
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows .
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :
We need a movement which , once and for all , will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system .
The executive action taken by President Obama a year ago was the right thing to do .  It's   time to end the politics of division .  DAPAanniversary
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege .
Join us Monday night in Atlanta .  RSVP here :
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution and our religious freedoms .
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed .  Justice4Jamar
I'll be in South Carolina this weekend .  Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access .
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
One thing is for sure :  the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours .  And I am sure that if we stand together , we will win .
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !
No President can take on corporate interests alone .  We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people .
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say , enough is enough .
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution in this country , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed , but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone .  BernieAtGU
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that BlackLivesMatter .
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  BernieAtGU
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity .
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people , not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person will not be living in poverty .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free .  BernieAtGU
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money .  BernieAtGU
In my view , it's   time we had democratic socialism for working families ;  not just Wall Street , billionaires and big corporations .  BernieAtGU
This country has socialism for the rich , and rugged individualism for the poor .  - Martin Luther King , Jr BernieAtGU
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old , same old establishment politics will not effectively address it .
LIVE now :  Bernie on democratic socialism in America :   BernieAtGU
We always knew we would be outspent , but we can make sure we're not out-organized .  Join our campaign :
If we are going to end a corrupt political system , it's   going to take a movement who will rise up , stand together and say enough is enough !
Real change does not happen from the top down .  It happens from the bottom up .  Bernie2016
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent .
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans - fighting racism , fighting xenophobia , fighting fear .
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats .
As Americans , we will not be terrorized .  We will not live in fear .
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric .  But we are a strong enough nation to say we're not going to lose who we are as a people .
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  Join our movement :
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1% .  It's   time for a political revolution .
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine .
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough .  This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top .
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage .
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education , not in more jails and incarceration .
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the FightFor15 .  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage .
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .
I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country .  Who said it ?
The current immigration system discriminates against women , and has got to stop .  Women are often the breadwinners of families .
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies .
During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  We will not turn our backs on refugees .
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men .  That is plain sexism .
We don't want Wall Street's   money .  This is a people's   campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people .  BernieInTheCLE
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers .
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections .
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship .
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home .
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country .
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds ?
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar , entonces es demasiado grande para existir .
Now is NOT the time for the same old , same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family and medical leave to workers .
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other - disproportionately people of color .
I'm excited too !  RSVP here :   BernieInTheCLE
Tune in to Face The Nation for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people , by the people and for the people .
The political revolution is coming , baby !  Come with us .  - Nina Turner
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies .
It's   not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base , excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016 .  DebateWithBernie
We're relying on more than 1 . 5 million contributions at $30 a piece .  Join our movement :
Wall Street plays by the rules ?  Who are we kidding ?  The business model of Wall Street is fraud .  DebateWithBernie
It's   hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .
There's   only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right .  DebateWithBernie
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  DebateWithBernie
As a former veterans committee chairman , Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families .
The disastrous invasion of Iraq , which I opposed , has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS .  DebateWithBernie
Leading the world , this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS .
In the year 2015 , we should not be debating a woman's   right to choose .
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt .  This has got to change .
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest Nina Turner RSVP here :
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer .  Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo .
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's   supporting our movement .  nhpolitics
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice , for environmental sanity and for peace .
When we all stand together , there is nothing , nothing that we cannot accomplish .
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap :
We are very humbled to have the support of Nina Turner a strong fighter for the people of Ohio .
Bernie walks the walk .  - Mark Dimondstein , APWU National President
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income .  MillionStudentMarch
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity .  This shouldn't happen in America .
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows .  And , that must happen sooner , rather than later .
I'm listening to the BlackOnCampus conversation .  It's   time to address structural racism on college campuses .
It's   not just income and wealth inequality .  It's   not just corporate control over the media .  The real issue is :  Who's   gonna stand up to them ?
When the peace treaty is signed , the war isn't over for the veterans , or the family .  It's   just starting .  - Karl Marlantes
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .
The cost of war is real , and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country .  VeteransDay
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us .
Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .  GOPDebate
We already have the biggest military in the world , yet veterans sleep out on the streets .  Will Republicans talk about this ?  GOPDebate
We will close the income inequality gap between the rich and the rest of us .
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .
Bike canvassing is one way our organizers in NH help reduce the use of fossil fuels while reaching voters .  fitn
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I strongly disagree .
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security .  That is unacceptable .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  FightFor15
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country .
Our organizers in Manchester are working hard to build the political revolution this country needs .  nhpolitics
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .
We are the most powerful military in the world .  .  .  but we must understand that war is the last resort , not the first .
I will direct my Administration to extend humane treatment and asylum to victims of domestic violence and unaccompanied minors .
I will direct immigration officers to immediately stop initiating deportations against those eligible for relief .
I will expand upon President Obama's   executive actions to provide broad Administrative relief to the parents of DREAMers .
At a time when more than 60% of Americans don't vote , we must make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work .
The American people are sick and tired of having more wealth and income inequality than any other major developed country on Earth .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
I will establish immigration policies that keep families together , not divide them .  BernieInVegas
Our great country and our gov't belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInVegas
People in Nevada and in the rest of America are fighting and demanding a political revolution .  BernieInVegas
We can , and must , be a nation in which we do not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major developed country on earth .
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We have got to end this outrageous voter suppression which is taking place in dozens of states .
Classifying marijuana in the same category as cocaine ignores the major issue .
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  BernieInSC
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield .
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .
Shop for union-made items in the Bernie Store and help fund the political revolution !
I'm proud to have the support of all of the volunteers at our Bernie Camp trainings across NH this weekend .  When we organize , we win .  fitn
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
If the Republicans can't face a free election , they should get another job .  VotingRights
Our campaign has the excitement and the energy to win in the South and all over this country .  DemForum
People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy .  DemForum
Back in 1988 , I said it is wrong in this country for people to be buying assault weapons designed just to kill human beings .  DemForum
Dream job :  President of CNN .
I would not have run for president if I believed that establishment politics and economics could solve the problems we face .  DemForum
I said no to Keystone on day one .  DemForum
Our agenda invests $1 trillion into building roads , bridges and infrastructure to create or maintain 13 million jobs .  DemForum
We are going to invest in jobs and education for the kids of this country , rather than jails and incarceration .  DemForum
The Keystone pipeline victory is about millions of people demanding real change .  That's   what our campaign is about too .  MSNBC2016
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ?
Anybody who is suppressing the vote , who is intentionally trying to keep people from voting is a political coward .
The KeystoneXL rejection is a triumph for a grassroots movement that demanded the necessary and refused to give in .  When we organize , we win .
Our new TV spot is narrated by someone special from House of Cards .  Name that voice .
As a leader in the opposition to Keystone XL from Day 1 , I strongly applaud the president's   decision to kill this project once and for all .
Exxon knew the truth about climate change and lied to protect their profits .  DOJ should follow NY's   lead .  ExxonKnew
We need trade policies in this country that work for the working families of our nation , not just CEOs of large multi-national corporations .
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country .
Congress cannot regulate Wall Street .  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up .
Now that the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership has finally been released , it is even worse than I thought .
My friends , a political revolution is coming to New Hampshire and it's   coming to America .  fitn
We cannot end DACA .  We must fight to expand this successful program to legal limits .  A president must be consistent on immigration .
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised .
Nothing significant happens in terms of change unless a movement takes place .  That's   what we're building together .
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program .
We must tell the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are less important than caring for our planet .
Every Democratic presidential candidate serious about addressing climate change should pledge to end fossil fuel leasing on public lands .
The science is clear :  we need act to keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Let's   start with our public lands and waters .  KeepItInTheGround
The debate is over .  Climate change is real , it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems .  KeepItInTheGround
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
Like many other polls , the NBC/WSJ poll shows our campaign is the best shot for Democrats heading into the general .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people .
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .
Democracy is not a spectator sport .  We must be truly engaged if we want to make real change .  Go vote .  ElectionDay
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
I'm not a great pitcher .  But Dylan's   going from t-ball to AA and in two years the majors .
Tune in now to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC for a discussion on the issues facing working families in our country .
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
In America , we have a casino-capitalist society in which a handful of very wealthy exercise enormous control over our economy and politics .
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege .
It's   unacceptable that , at every turn , huge companies use their power to cut wages , cut benefits and cut pensions .  Their greed has no end .
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder .
I remember reading picture books of World War II with tears coming out of my eyes .  We've got to stand together and end all forms of racism .
Trick-or-treating with my grandkids Sunnee , Grayson and Ryleigh in New Hampshire .  Happy halloween !
Happy Halloween !
As the largest and most powerful military in the world , we need to use military force as a last resort , not a first resort .
We must stand up to the corporate interests and Wall Street to create a government that works for all people and not just the billionaires .
Smile !  It's   time to take a selfie .  We're making some TV and online ads and want our supporters in them .
The American people must make a fundamental decision .  Do we continue the 40-year decline of our .  .  .
There is something very wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .  nhpolitics
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change .
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  Must read :
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :
The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana .  Must read :
In many states , it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That must change .  YesOnProp1
I don't think that people should be making profit by seeing more and more people go into jail .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
Although use is about the same , a black person is almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person .
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .
There is something wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .
Last week , I called on DOJ to investigate ExxonMobil to GetTheFacts on why they lied about climate change .
At a time of rampant violence and murder , the State should not be part of that process .  We should abolish the death penalty .
It's   time for the United States to join almost every other Western , industrialized country on Earth in saying no to the death penalty .
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government's   list of outlawed drugs .
This is what I think .  And let me be very personal here .  .  .
Which one will the billionaire class choose ?  TheirMoneyTheirVote GOPDebate
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana , but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted .
We must do all we can to help the 3 . 5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico improve its economy and lift its children out of poverty .
The reality is that since the mid-1980s we have seen the Robin Hood principle in reverse .  That is unacceptable and that has got to change .
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth .
The gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s .
Yeah , we can win .
The American people are angry because they know the recession wasn't caused by the working families of this country .
We're going to demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies .
We have got to move in an aggressive way to move our energy system away from fossil fuels .
The pharmaceutical industry , along with Wall St .  , is the most powerful lobbying force in Washington .  They never lose .  This has got to end .
Tune in now to The View on ABC for a discussion on making America work for middle and working class families again .
Private companies should not be profiting from the incarceration of human beings .
A college degree is the new high school diploma .  An education should be available to all regardless of anyone's   economic situation .
Eight years ago the experts talked about how another Democratic candidate for president couldn't win .  His name is President Obama .
We can create a nation where every veteran who puts their life on the line for us will get quality health care .
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .
Bernie is the only Democratic candidate for president who does not have a Super PAC .  He is proving them wrong .
What this campaign is about is standing up and taking back our government from a handful of billionaires .  IDPJJ
While other candidates may have more money , we have the people .  Let's   show them what happens when we unite .  IDPJJ
The American people understand that establishment politics is not working for the middle class .  - IDPJJ Rally
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  IDPJJ
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  IDPJJ
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  We still have not achieved that .
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people .
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America .
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ?
I worry very much that our country , both economically and politically , is sliding into oligarchy .
In the last 30 years there's   been a massive redistribution of wealth in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Unfortunately , it has gone in the wrong direction .
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe .
The people in Puerto Rico should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of investors can make even more money .
We must take on special interests and act boldly on behalf of the American people .
A couple of weeks ago , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government made a decision that will negatively impact almost 70 million people .
We need an economy that works for working families .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .
In the 1970s , Exxon's   scientists found climate change was real and potentially very dangerous .  Then Exxon denied it .
The future of America is with our children .  How can we have a great country if we aren't educating our children the way we should ?
It is time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free in the United States .
What did I think of Larry David's   impersonation ?  Well , I thought it was pretty , pretty , pretty good !
We must end outrageously high prison phone call charges and ensure incarcerated individuals are able to connect with their families .
To address the serious problems we face we need nothing short of a mass grassroots movement .  Join me on October 28 :
There was a time when higher education was pretty close to free in this country , at least for many Americans .
29 million Americans still have no health insurance .  A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right .
Tell me , future boy , who's   President of the United States in 2017 ?  Bernie Sanders .  Bernie Sanders ?  !  From Vermont ?
At a time when the rich are getting richer , Puerto Rico now has more income inequality than any 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 state .  That is unacceptable .
We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all our children .  - Vice President Joe Biden
I also commend VP's   outlining of an agenda to make college free , fight economic inequality , close tax loopholes and protect dignity for all .
I thank Vice President Biden for his continued service to the nation and his support of the middle class .
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt .
War must be the last recourse in international relations , not the first .
I am a candidate who will take on the pharmaceutical industry to demand that prescription drug costs in this country are reduced .
We need a progressive income tax so we don't have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses .
It is time to create an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people on top :
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of our people as a right .
The racist signs against   in Lewiston have no place in our society .
We are the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave .  That is an international embarrassment .
We need to have one of the larger voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .  We need to raise public consciousness .
At a time when 1-in-5 cannot afford to fill their prescription drugs , we need a president who will stand up to big pharmaceutical companies .
If the middle class of this country is gonna survive , we need some very profound changes in the way we do business in this country .
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change , the planet we're leaving our kids and our grandchildren may not be habitable .
Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little ?  No , I don't .
Our economic and political systems are stacked against ordinary Americans .  The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections .
The fossil fuel industry is funding the Republican Party , a Party which denies the reality of climate change .
New Franklin Pierce Boston Herald poll shows our campaign beating Hillary Clinton by double digits in NH :
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
Our job must be to expand , not cut , Social Security .
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution .
Best line of the night :   check it out .  It's   a mess .  DebateWithLarry DemDebate
We must end programs that not only permit , but reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change .
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remains the only major country that does not guarantee health care for all as a right .  This is wrong and we are going to change it .
As a result of the disastrous Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case , the American political system has been totally corrupted .
We must demand that the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes .  Must read :
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class .
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .
ExxonKnew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet .
Glad to see the The White House canceling Arctic drilling leases .  I've opposed harmful Arctic drilling for years .
Our campaign is a People's   Campaign .  We don't have a Super PAC or rely on money from billionaires and corporations .
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills .
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
BlackLivesMatter .  Those words matter .
The latest data found that 22 percent of males in prison were Hispanic and 37 percent were African American .  That is unacceptable .
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people .
In my view , there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years , saw their wealth increase by $170 billion .
The debate is over .  Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activity .  It is already causing devastating problems around the world .
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ?
Going to the big banks and saying Please do the right thing !  is kind of naive .  We have got to break up these too-big-to-fail banks .
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires .
It is wrong to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their families and friends .
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and the proposals that effectively address those needs .
I believe in a society where all people do well .  Not just a handful of billionaires .
No Republican or anyone up here can address these problems unless millions stand up to the billionaire class .
We need to rethink our criminal justice system .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie
Under a GOP majority in the House , Bernie was called the amendment king for passing more amendments than any other lawmaker .  DemDebate
Ana Marie Cox Only non-billionaire candidate who does not have a super PAC .
Bernie introduced a bill to tax carbon and transform our energy system - the gold standard of climate legislation .  DebateWithBernie
Our Q3 fundraising numbers are proof we can raise what we need to compete - and we're doing it without begging millionaires or billionaires .
The only way we transform America is through a political revolution .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie
Join the political revolution :   DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   legislation would break up too big to fail banks .  DebateWithBernie
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard .
Right now , billionaires pay the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  Bernie would lift this cap .
America should join Germany , Denmark , Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college .  DebateWithBernie
In the 1800s we made public elementary and high schools free .  Now we need to make public colleges tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
Clinton cabinet member Robert Reich compares HillaryClinton's   Wall Street plan and Bernie's   :
Remember when Bernie led the fight in 1999 against repealing Glass-Steagall and deregulating Wall Street ?  DebateWithBernie
Bernie voted against the Iraq War - one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history DebateWithBernie
I believe in a society where all people do well , not just a handful of billionaires .  -Bernie DemDebate
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders ?  DebateWithBernie
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation with DebateWithBernie
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  DebateWithBernie
We need a movement which takes on the economic establishment , not one which is part of it .  DebateWithBernie
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral , economic and political issue of our time .  And we will address it .
This campaign is about the needs of the American people , and the ideas and proposals that effectively address those needs .  DemDebate
We must recreate our criminal justice system , but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
Think big , and not small .  When we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend us .  We are not going to turn our backs on them .
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .
I have opposed Keystone from day one .  The Keystone pipeline would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet .
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .
We will no longer tolerate CEOs and managers who intimidate or threaten pro-union workers .
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2 . 2% of the nation's   wealth .
Shamefully , the TPP would allow large corporations to continue to pad their profits by exploiting some of the world's   poorest workers .
This campaign is about returning to a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  BernieInBoulder
Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act - very important bipartisan work indeed .
Join other Bernie2016 supporters in thanking   for his endorsement :
I'm excited to be speaking in Boulder in a couple of hours to discuss rebuilding our middle class .  BernieInBoulder
Five major reasons I opposed the war in Iraq :
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .
At a time when millions cannot afford the prescription drugs they need , we need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to big pharma .
We will no longer tolerate CEOs who threaten to move plants to china if their workers vote in favor of a union .
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  BernieInTucson
We want police departments that look like the communities they are serving .
We will not tolerate CEOs who fire workers for exercising their constitutional right to form a union .
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class , we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country .
My view is that a woman has the right to make decisions regarding her own body , not the United States government .
Social Security has not contributed one dime to the national debt or deficit .
Three major drug companies made $45 billion in profit last year .  That's   obscene when millions of people can't afford drugs .
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .
We need to move away from using war as a means to end problems .
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .
Many Republicans claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .
It's   WRONG to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their friends and families .  Plain and simple .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
We must provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country .  We cannot turn our backs on them .
In many cities all over our country , the incentives for policing are upside down .
The TPP will make it easier for multinational corporations to degrade the global environment .  We must defeat it .
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  TPP
Together we must end the distinction of the United States having more people in jail than any other country .  CHCI
I am honored to be speaking at the CHCI Presidential Forum .  2015HHM
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system .
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy .
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment , not one which is part of it .
The more we raise public consciousness in this country the better we do and the better our nation does .
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers .
The TPP wouldn't just hurt American jobs and lower wages .  It poses a major threat to our environment as well .  StopTPP
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions , not harder .
Our campaign is the best suited to beat Republicans in key states in a general election .
De cada cinco estadounidenses , aproximadamente uno no puede llenar su receta por culpa de los altos costos .
New polls confirm what we've known for a long time -- we can win in both the primary and general elections .
As a kid I learned , in many , many ways , what lack of money means to a family .  That's   a lesson I have never forgotten .
New NBC poll shows we're a better fit to beat the Republicans in key swing states .
Wall Street cannot continue to be an island unto itself , gambling trillions while expecting the public to bail it out .
Wall Street and big corporations just won a big victory .  Now it's   on us to stop the TPP from becoming law .  StopTPP
We need to demilitarize local police departments so that they do not look like occupying armies .
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  StopTPP
It is time to stop letting multi-national corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense .   StopTPP
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again :
We need to end the tragic reality that a disproportionate number of those who are in jail are Hispanic and African American .
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win .
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement .
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .
I am asking people to be part of a political revolution to transform our country economically , politically , socially and environmentally .
Boston , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInBoston
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity for women !  BernieInMA
Let me be as clear as I can be :  I don't have a super PAC , I don't want a super PAC , and I don't NEED a super PAC .
Bernie is that rare politician that says what he means and means what he says .  - Bill McKibben BernieInMA
There is a lot of enthusiasm here in Boston , MA !  BernieInMA
We must get private companies out of immigration detention and end the absurd quota on ICE to fill at least 34 ,000 beds on any given day .
Looks like Springfield , MA is ready for a political revolution .  BernieInMA
58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .  BernieInMA
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests .
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change .
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .
This campaign is driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination .
All of these ideas , I knew in my heart , would resonate with the American people .  .  .  .
What the Pope is saying in so many words is there is something very wrong in this world when so few have so much and so many have so little .
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders or anyone else .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people who are hurting .
Women will live 12 years longer in Marin County , CA than in Perry County , KY .  The reason ?  One county is wealthy , the other is poor .
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .
We have got to end the tragic reality that the United States of America has more people living in jail than any other country .
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt .
That is the nation we can build together .  Join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .
The right has claimed the mantle of family values for far too long .
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in .
Change takes place when people , by the millions , determine that the world they see in front of them is not the world that should be .
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  Must read :
Big sale in the Bernie Store !  25% off all orders with discount code Twitter25 .  Shop now :
Every other major country on earth regulates the price of prescription drugs .  We don't .  That has got to end .
Check it out !  Our friends Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield stopped by for a visit :
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top one percent .  Corporate greed is destroying our economy .
If we don't allow our opponents to divide us , if we stand together and are united , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status .
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media .
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .
I StandWithPP .  These attacks come from those who simply don't believe women have a right to control their own bodies .  I disagree .  PinkOut
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .
The Establishment may not be happy to hear it , but this campaign is on the move - and on the road to victory .
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right .
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .
Unlike virtually every other campaign , we don't have a Super PAC which collects money from billionaires and corporations .
In many states , it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That is wrong and must end .
We live in the one of the wealthiest countries on earth , yet children go hungry and veterans sleep out on the streets .
It's   time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty , not keep them in it .
It's   time to end the morally repugnant practice that is profiting from imprisoning people .  - Mason City , IA
Private prison corporations and their affiliates do everything they can to make a buck off people in prison-and their families .
I'm profoundly disgusted by the racism addressed at the 11 million undocumented people in this country .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination .
American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections or trying to buy elections .
Congress does not regulate Wall Street ;  Wall Street regulates Congress .  But the time has come to say enough is enough !
We're not going to be breaking up families .  We're going to be uniting families .
As President , my trade policies will break that cycle of agreements that enrich the few at the expense of working people .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly .
Enough is enough .
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .
Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit .  It is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
We need to provide a way out of jail back into society and we need to take a hard look at the war on drugs .
We must provide legal status to the undocumented .  We need comprehensive immigration reform , and we need a path towards citizenship .
There are some 11 million undocumented people in this country , living in fear of deportation and often exploited economically .
Can't Jeb Bush and the GOP run a campaign without attacking African Americans , Latinos , Muslims or other people ?
Pathetic .  Jeb Bush wants more tax breaks for his billionaire friends while cutting help for working people .
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .
We should expand DACA to include the parents of citizens , parents of legal permanent residents , and the parents of DREAMERs .
Imposing an excise tax on health plans would be a disaster for millions of middle class Americans .  Must Read :
This is a party whose ideology is way out of touch with the American people .
It appears that even a conservative speaker like John Boehner is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House .
America must defend freedom at home and abroad , but we must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action .
If a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Period .
What the pope has been saying in a very profound and deep way is that casino-type capitalism is causing devastating problems .
We must hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable when they defraud the American people .
I knew from an early age which side I am on
I oppose tying comprehensive immigration reform to unrealistic and unwise border patrol proposals like the building of a border fence .
In citing Dorothy Day , the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world .
Join me on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on Pope Francis' address to Congress .
The pope is right in saying all of us must address the grotesque income and wealth inequality we are seeing throughout the world .
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West
Thousands of people die every single year because they don't have health insurance .  But the media doesn't cover that .  That ain't big news .
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must put an end to this shameful industry .
We have the moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels .
The United States is experiencing a major human tragedy .  We have more people in jail than any other country on earth .
America is a nation of immigrants and we should pursue policies that recognize the value of our immigrant brothers and sisters .
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans .
Access to health care is a human right , and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs .
The debate is over .  Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .
Time .  .  .  seems to be running out ;  we are not yet tearing one another apart , but we are tearing apart our common home .  -
I'll be on All In w/Chris Hayes coming up on MSNBC Tune in !
In America , we should be celebrating our democracy and participating in the political process .  Register to vote :
These organizing efforts we've seen sprouting across the country are nothing short of extraordinary .  FeelTheBern
I'm glad that Hillary Clinton finally has made a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline and I welcome her opposition .
I welcome Pope Francis to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  It is important for all of us to understand fully his call for social and economic justice .  PopeinUS
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians .
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies .
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 per cent of the American people .  That is profoundly wrong .
This should not be happening in the United States of America - but it is .  Must read :
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed , and the worship of money , is not what human existence should be about .
Coming up next !  I'll be on the The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Tune in now .
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody .
Saw the GOP debate .  They forgot to tell us when Bush left office our financial system was on the verge of collapse .
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war .
We need a movement that takes on the political establishment , not one that is part of it .
This is a people's   campaign and we will win or lose based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth .
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .  BernieatUNH
People should be elected to office based on their ideas , not their religion or the color of their skin .
It took us too long to overcome the prejudice against electing a Catholic or an African-American president .
I am very disappointed that Dr .  Carson would suggest that a Muslim should not become president of the United States .
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
One of my highest priorities has been ensuring that our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned .
We must continue the fight to strengthen the Postal Service .
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people in our country .
Instead of cutting benefits for our veterans , we must ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share .
We have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who put their lives on the line to defend us .
We will win because we are going to create an unprecedented grass-roots movement for real change in this country .
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
We will win in 2016 based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .  nhpolitics
I know which side I am on .  I am a proud progressive , prepared to stand with the working families of this country .  nhpolitics
Looking forward to speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention nhpolitics NHDems2016
I don't support the agenda of corporate America or the billionaire class .
Coming up !  Catch me on the The Late Show for an interesting discussion !
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world .
Private prisons are not cheaper , they are not safer , and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state .
Over 125 Artists , Musicians and Cultural Leaders unite for Bernie !  See the list and join us at
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections .
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up .
Let's   stop the racism .  Let's   stop the xenophobia .
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree .
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together .
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .
The American people are sick and tired of politics as usual and negative campaigning .
Health care as a right is is not utopian .  It is not 'high in the sky' thinking .  In fact , every other major country already does it .
We have got to end the private prison racket in America .
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say .
We take from the poor and we give to the rich - that is the Republican philosophy .
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !
Does anyone know .  .  .  when will this debate finally end ?  DebateWithBernie
What about the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United allowing billionaires to fund Jeb Bush and the others .  DebateWithBernie
Just what we need .  More neocon policies to continue the Bush legacy .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie Sanders That was sarcasm , by the way .
Yup .  Bush was a great president .  Yes .  No doubt .  Great president .  All Obama's   fault .  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush - yes .  Let's   continue the great ideas that got us into Iraq .  Fine idea .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Okay .  Let's   vote for Reagan .  Sounds better than any of these guys .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
The American people overwhelmingly want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Too bad , the Republicans don't .  DebateWithBernie
Dr .  Rand Paul - wrong .  We've lost millions of jobs because of our disastrous trade policies .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of great inequality , there isn't one R on stage who doesn't think we should give huge tax brks to billionaires .  DebateWithBernie
Jobs .  Let's   talk George W .  Bush and trickle down economics .  When he left office , we were losing 800k a month .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Vast majority understand we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Is there any R who agrees ?  Will they discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Anyone on the stage , maybe just maybe , think we might want to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship ?  Anyone ?
Rich get richer .  Median fmly income $5k less than in 1999 .  One of the highest rates of childhood poverty .  Any discussion ?  DebateWithBernie
Rich get richer .  Everyone else gets poorer .  And all these guys can talk about is war and defunding Planned Parenthood .  DebateWithBernie
Waiting , waiting , waiting .  Will we hear anything about racial justice , income inequality or making college affordable ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anyone on that stage believe the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies ?  Anyone ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anybody on the stage believe that our gay brothers and sisters have the same rights as the rest of us ?  Anybody ?  DebateWithBernie
War , war , war .  When do we get to their other major priority :  tax breaks for billionaires ?  DebateWithBernie
Can these guys talk about anything other than their desire to go to war ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will they ever talk about climate change as a foreign policy issue ?  Or talk about it all ?  DebateWithBernie
Gee .  How come these guys are not talking about the great success of Bush's   foreign policy and the war in Iraq ?  DebateWithBernie
Now we're really getting to the Republican talking points .  More money for war and confrontation .  DebateWithBernie
Kasich :  Let's   get to issues .  How about income inequality , climate change and childhood poverty ?  Think they'll discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Rubio knows California has a drought .  Will he have the courage to connect that to climate change or reject the science ?  DebateWithBernie
As a result of Citizens United , billionaires are now controlling our politics .  Will any R support the overturn ?  Let's   see .  DebateWithBernie
Live-tweeting the debate starting now .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
I hope Americans don't forget that when President Bush left office we were hemorrhaging 800 ,000 jobs a month .
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them .
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run .
We stand with MoveOn . org against attacks by David Brock , head of HRC super PAC .
When workers have unions , they have a clear path to getting health care , sick days , basic safety precautions , and better pay .
It's   time to break up the banks .  Their casino-style gambling has helped divert 99 percent of all new income to the top one percent .
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war .
Some of these people have marched , incredibly , with the NAACP for a thousand miles .  JusticeSummer
We are a few steps from Arlington Cemetery where people fought and died for democracy , not to make it harder to vote .
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe .
Overall health spending would go down by nearly $5 trillion under a Medicare-for-all program .  Plus we'd save thousands of lives .
Virtually every campaign for president has a super PAC funded by millionaires or billionaires .  Not me .
Our nation spends more than any other on health care .  We could be saving a lot of that money if we switched to a Medicare-for-all system .
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .
It is not utopian thinking to say that every man , woman and child should have access to health care as a right .
We are going to fight tooth and nail Republican efforts to suppress the vote .  BernieInVA
We have got to recognize that the United States has a major jobs crisis and that is why we need a major jobs program .  BernieInVA
The Republican candidates are saying that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't have the right to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInVA
It's   a shame that we have more people in jail than any country on the planet - including communist china .  BernieInVA
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , and not to a handful of billionaires .  BernieinVA
Workers have the constitutional right to form unions , collectively bargain and participate in the political process .
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war .
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country ?
It is harder , but not less important , to try and communicate with those who do not agree with us on every issue .
Tune in for my remarks at the Liberty University Convocation here :
It is important for those with different views in our country to engage in civil discourse .
Too much attention is paid to political gossip and polls , not enough attention paid to the needs of working families .
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed .
Word of the day :  enthusiasm .
We're going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  BernieinNC
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right !
There is a very profound disgust in this country at our current campaign finance system .
The more people get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  -Michael Briggs , Comms Director
We should not have more people in jail than any other country .  We should have the best educated population .
War Should Be the Last Option :  Why I Support the iran Deal
 .  .  . why I am opposed to giving the President a blank check to launch a unilateral invasion of Iraq .  Must read :
It's   not a terribly radical idea that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BernieinSC
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .
What I love about brother Bernie is that he is a brother of integrity and honesty and decency .  - Cornel West
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West
I'm looking forward to discussing the major issues facing our nation with Cornel West this weekend in SC BernieinSC
Looking for the latest campaign news , updates and progression ?  Visit Democracy Daily :
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .  I plan to do just that .
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women doing the same work get the same salaries .
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this country are not living in poverty .
We are in need of a political revolution that says a billionaire class can't have it all .  Bernie2016
The crowd is starting to build up in Atlanta .  It's   clear to me that the message is resonating across the country .
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States of America has gone up by more than 90% since 2002 .
One out of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
What democracy is about is knocking on people's   doors and sitting down and talking to them face to face .
Wall Street's   greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since Great Depression .
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward .
We've gotta fight for a vibrant democracy , and for an economy that works for all people and not just a handful of wealthy people .
The American middle class , for the last 40 years , has been disappearing .
We have got to do something bold about college tuition and debt .  We bailed out Wall Street , now it's   Wall Street's   time to help us out .
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .
We have the lead in Iowa !  Help us keep up the momentum .
I don't have a SuperPAC .  I'm not gonna take money from billionaires .  I don't want their money .  - on The Situation Room
The United States and the world have to be deeply committed to trying to bring stability to these countries stricken with refugee crises .
Tune in to The Situation Room now for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .
Not only will I fight to protect working families , we're going to build a movement of millions who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Enough is enough .  This nation and its government belong to all of the people .
Last year , 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it .
What good is it to live in the richest country on earth , if so many of our people cannot afford medications that could save their lives ?
Corporations should not be allowed to lobby federal , state , and local governments to lock up as many people as possible .
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement .  iranDeal
If the American people are not prepared to fight back , the dismantling of Social Security could begin in the very near future .
Those who have made every effort to thwart the diplomatic process , are the same who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq .
I voted against the war in Iraq .  Sadly , much of what I feared in fact did happen .  I do not want to see it happen again .  iranDeal
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control .
We must end the mandatory quota of immigrants detained and require ICE to improve monitoring of detention facilities .
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security .
We need bold change in our criminal justice system .  A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings .
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy .
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth .
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .
A significant reason for the growing inequality in our economy is that the rights of workers to collectively bargain have been undermined .
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world - by far .
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  The current federal minimum wage is starvation pay and must become a living wage .
Working people and their unions fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class .
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top , while millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages .
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country , and not just the 1 percent .
It's   a beautiful day out for our Concord , NH campaign office opening .
What makes our campaign different is we're doing this at the grassroots .
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave to workers .
This Labor Day let's   also honor the men and women who have fought for the rights of working people .
The security and strength of a union job means that workers can have good pay , health care , and a voice at work .
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class .
Against overwhelming odds , the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better .
I believe that at the end of the day when people come together , when people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us .
The only way we win this thing is when people come together .  They have the money , they have the power , but we have the people .
Our job , as Americans , is to lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency .
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet in a habitable way for our children and our grandchildren .
Not only do we need to overturn Citizens United , but we also need to move to public funding of elections .
Over 100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  100 years later we still have not achieved that .
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago .
Must Read :  This country is made of all types of people not just the billionaires . -
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work .
We must take corporations out of profiteering from jailing people across America .
High gasoline prices have less to do with supply and demand and more to do with Wall Street speculators driving prices up .  Enough is enough .
Being out on a picket line and standing with workers is something I have been doing for my entire life .
The sounds of tribal music and drums filled a school gymnasium at the Meskwaki settlement .
Everybody knows that's   greed and everybody knows that greed is destroying the United States of America .
Capping day two of a beautiful three-day swing through Iowa at a town hall at Coe College in Cedar .  .  .
When only the wealthy were allowed to vote , the trade union movement was successful in demanding universal suffrage .
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :
I'm honored to be speaking at the Meskwaki Nation Settlement to discuss the major issues facing our country .
Before Social Security was established 75 years ago , more than half of our elderly population lived in poverty .
A single-payer system will be good for the average American , good for businesses , good for workers and good for our overall economy .
We're excited to welcome Lilia Chacon to serve as press secretary in Iowa .
The American people must demand that their elected officials start protecting the interests of working families , not wealthy contributors .
Political consciousness is extremely low in this country-that's   a simple fact .  We're trying to change that .
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty .
A strong democracy - one that counts every vote - is fundamental to who we are as Americans .  - Larry Cohen .
I support the NAACP's   call for justice .  The Court turned back the clock on equality by striking a key provision of the Voting Rights Act .
Fifty years after the Voting Rights Act , it shouldn't be necessary to rally for our right to vote , but it is .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  I've talked to too many wounded veterans .  War should be the last resort .  iacaucus
People fought and died to allow ordinary people to make the decisions - not billionaires or millionaires .  iacaucus
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
People shouldn't have to go without the medication they need just because their elected reps .  aren't willing to challenge the drug industry .
Each and every year corporations and the wealthy are avoiding more than $100 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes by sheltering their income offshore .
Republicans know that if they speak up , their contributions from the Koch brothers and big energy will be cut .
In my view , Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .
Establishment politics , establishment economics and establishment media simply are not working for the American people .
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody .
Keystone XL would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Endorse Bernie's   plan to take on Wall Street , break up the big banks , and restore sanity to our financial system .
The typical middle class family has seen its income go down by nearly $5 ,000 since 1999 after adjusting for inflation .
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .
We must demand transparency from drug companies , who have concealed the true cost of their research and development .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .
Supporters of NAFTA told us that this it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .
Help Bernie Close the Gap in Iowa :
Virtually every pharmaceutical company in America has either been convicted of fraud or has reached a settlement .
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class that they cannot have it all .
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .
Tune in to MSNBC for a discussion with Andrea Mitchell happening now .
People don't like the idea that politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Must Read :  Hurricane Katrina and Bernie Sanders :  From Neoliberal Disaster to 'Political Revolution'
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We can live in a country where every parent can have quality and affordable childcare .  Bernie2016
Breaking :  New Iowa poll shows Bernie gaining ground on Clinton and within the margin of error .  Visit
The more Iowans get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .
Despite advances in civil and political rights , our country has a long way to go in addressing gender inequality .
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life , that is not family values .
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
The crowd going wild ten minutes before the speech begins in front of The Democrats at Dems15 .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
Meanwhile , Wal-Mart pays workers' such low wages that many of them qualify for food stamps , Medicaid , and other forms of gov't assistance .
Must Read :  NYT Editorial -Bernie Sanders's   Small-Beer Donors in the Big Money Casino
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes .
We are going to practice Democracy .  I know , it's   a pretty radical idea but what the heck .
Every man , woman , and child is entitled to health care .  That right exists in virtually every other major country and it's   time to join them .
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America .  I intend to introduce legislation to do just that .
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort .
Since 2001 , nearly 30 percent of manufacturing jobs in this country have disappeared and over 60 ,000 factories have been shut down .
Most of the jobs gained since 2009 pay low wages .  However , most of the jobs lost during the recession were jobs that paid up to $21 an hour .
In my view , If a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .  Bernie2016
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .
Mothers must be able to spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks and months of life .  Must read :
58% of the new income generated in this country from 2009-2014 went to the top one percent .
The typical middle class American family made less last year than it did 26 years ago .
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be .
It's   time to expand Medicare to all Americans .  Bernie2016
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies make national health care sound scary .  It's   not .
To win the important environmental victories we so urgently need , it will take a coordinated grassroots movement .  Join us .  Bernie2016
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .  Bernie2016
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits .
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself , benefiting only the wealthy while using our money to get rich .  That ends when I am president .
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .  Bernie2016
This campaign resonates with Americans all over this country because we're talking about issues that deal with the middle class .  Bernie2016
We need a revolution in the way the United States fund higher education .  Bernie2016 in Littleton , NH
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers , Goldman Sachs executives , or anyone else .
The story of immigrants is the story of America , a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  As president , I will :
Some corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes , while billionaire hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than teachers .
Average female workers earned $1 ,337 less in 2013 than they did in 2007 .  We have got to change this .  Bernie2016
Americans bailed out the recklessness of Wall Street .  It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class !
Now is the time to think big .  BernieinReno
Our tax system is wildly unfair - rigged to benefit the very rich .  Corporations earning billions in profits stash their money in tax havens .
Children should not go hungry in this country while corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
What we see across the nation , and in Conway , NH , is that this campaign is resonating with millions of Americans .
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty , the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well .
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .
For the past 40 years , Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth to the richest among us .
In my view , corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars .  Bernie2016
Since the formation of our nation , the trade union movement has always led the fight to improve the quality of life for all Americans .
Our job together is to create an economy that works for working families and not just the people on top .  Bernie2016
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated .
Happening now :  Town Hall in Salem , NH .  Bernie2016
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave .
We cannot bring about the kind of change that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .  Bernie2016
When we think big we are thinking of America leading the world in transforming our energy system and fighting climate change .  Bernie2016
As president nobody will fight harder to end institutional racism and reform our broken justice system .  Bernie2016
This is the nation we can build together .  Build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .  Bernie2016 BernieinSC
We must make sure that voter registration is automatic not just another hurdle for people to excercise their constitutional right to vote .
This issue of childhood poverty impacts every race and we've got to stand together to change it .
Voters ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  Bernie2016
The time has come for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to join every major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all .
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple - that no full-time worker should live in poverty .
I have introduced legislation that would make every public college in America tuition-free .  BernieinSC
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  Bernie2016
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  Bernie2016
The time has come for a Medicare-for-All single-payer health care program .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life that is not a family value .
A job should lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  Bernie2016
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !  Bernie2016
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree with us .  Bernie2016
Most of the major Wall Street institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be .
TBT to 1974 :  No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken .
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance .
Wall Street's   dangerous manipulation of our economy has helped divert most of all new income to the top one percent .
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .
Wall Street's   greed and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since the Great Depression .
Our country is in serious trouble , and it is up to us to stand up and fight back to launch a heroic struggle :  a political revolution .
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself benefiting only the extremely wealthy while using our money to get rich .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more wealth inequality than any time since 1928 .  Read my plan on reversing income and wealth inequality :
We should be spending our money on health care and disease prevention , not on paper pushing and debt collection .
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending unlimited sums of money electing candidates .
We need bold changes in America .  We need a mass political movement .  I call it a political revolution .  BernieInReno
Let me be clear , the federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and it must be raised .  BernieInNV
It is time to break up the largest financial institutions in the country .  Bernie2016
It's   an outrage that women are forced back to work after giving birth simply because they can't afford to stay home .
We must never , ever go back to the days when older Americans could not get the healthcare they needed because they could not afford it .
I have opposed Arctic oil drilling for years .  Drilling the Arctic at a time when we face a serious climate emergency should be unthinkable .
Scott Walker wants to kick people off of their healthcare .  He's   wrong .  We need Medicare for all , not a return to a broken system .
I don't believe in the agenda of corporate America .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage .  Bernie2016
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care than do the people of any other western industrialized country .  Bernie2016
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression .  Bernie2016
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would create 13 million decent paying jobs .
We have to ask ourselves .  Whose interest is it in to keep undocumented workers in the shadows without the protection of the law ?
We began this campaign all of three and a half months ago and the momentum has been nothing less than extraordinary !
Yes , it would mean a real future for our families .  .  .  Depending on who's   next in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .  -McKibben
There must be a path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadows and participate fully and openly in American society .
It is no great secret that across the United States undocumented workers perform a critical role in our economy .
We must end the absurdity of 2 . 6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay .
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .
Supporters of NAFTA told us it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .
To truly empower our communities , we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people in this country .
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street .
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement .  Julian Bond was a man who dedicated his life to justice for all .
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people campaign .  - Cedar Rapids , Iowa office opening
We must move towards a healthcare system based on providing quality care rather than worrying about the profits of the insurance companies .
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy , then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world .
We must pursue policies that transform this country into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color .
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip or reckless personal attacks .
Excited to be at the Iowa Fair Soap Box where I'll be speaking about rebuilding our middle class .  IACaucus
As president , I will reduce income inequality by signing the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .
It is imperative that we stand together to create the kind of nation that we know we can become .  WingDing
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president .  It is about creating a grassroots political movement in this country .
Three months later , what has happened has blown my mind :  we have been generating an enormous amount of enthusiasm across America .  WingDing
80 Years Later , Republicans Are Still Fighting Social Security .
Every single year thousands of our fellow Americans die because they don't get the preventive care they need when they should .
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and create the political revolution that this country desperately needs .
When families can't spend time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .
This campaign is about developing a strong grassroots movement from coast to coast which says :  enough is enough !
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family .  It's   a lesson I have never forgotten .
We can live in a country where every person realizes the full promise of equality that is our birthright as Americans .
It is unacceptable that Americans pay , by far , the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and we must invest in community policing .
Across the nation , too many find themselves subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals .
We have got to say loudly and clearly that we will no longer tolerate police brutality in this country !
We must make significant reductions in carbon emissions and break our dependency on fossil fuels .
If we are going to have the best educated workforce and a vibrant middle class , Wall Street has got to pay its fair share in taxes .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 must to join every other major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all .
We have got to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to lower the outrageously high prices of prescription drugs .
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy .
With the support of millions of Americans we can build a political revolution in this country .  Bernie2016
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !
We are not going back to the days when women could not have full access to birth control .
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed , we should be doing everything we can to create jobs .
  We've got a bill for that too !
I have seen first-hand the impact of our broken immigration system in the tomato fields of Immokalee , Florida .
We must break up too-big-to-fail financial institutions .
These institutions have acquired too much economic and political power , endangering our economy and our political process .
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all bank deposits in the United States .
The six largest financial institutions issue more than two-thirds of all credit cards and over 35 percent of all mortgages .
daveweigel We're everywhere , Dave !
In the United States , we have one of the most unequal wealth and income distributions of any major country on earth .
Studies show that nine out of every ten Americans report that their happiest memories come from vacations .
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .
Many of those in poverty are working at low-wage jobs .  These are the people who struggle every day to find the money to feed their kids .
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .
Incredibly , Republicans have given huge tax breaks to millionaires while raising taxes on working families .
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people .
It is time to end the politics of division on this country , of politicians playing one group of people against another .
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status .
Let me say loudly and clearly - health care is a right of all people , not a privilege .
In my view , if we are going to rebuild the middle class , we have got to make sure that Wall Street pays its fair share in taxes .
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  BernieInLA
Brothers , we need to stand with our sisters and fight for pay equity .  BernieInLA
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  BernieinLA
The scientific community is virtually unanimous in that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street .
We must create a political revolution from the ground up .  Real change happens when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough .
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care .
We must create a national system to provide care for every single American in the most cost-effective way possible .
Health care must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .  Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care .
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt .
We must make sure that Veterans get every benefit they served for and deserve .  BernieinPortland
We must move to a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  BernieinPortland
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet habitable for our grandchildren .
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .  BernieinPortland
When one family spends more money than both parties , that is not democracy that is oligarchy .  BernieinPortland
In my view we have got to re-establish Glass-Steagall and break up the big banks .  BernieinPortland
It is not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BerniePDX
It is the tragic reality that in this great country the middle class has been disappearing .  BernieinPortland
Whoa !  This is an unbelievable turnout .  This is the largest crowd so far .  Tune in LIVE now :
Portland is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  Tune in LIVE here :
The Supreme Court's   2013 decision gutting the Voting Rights Act was a shameful step backward .
Great job to everyone on the IAcaucus team !
The vast majority of Americans want to raise the minimum wage .  We must raise it to a livable wage of $15 per hour over the next few years .
Policies to fight the types of violence waged against communities of color :  physical , political , legal and economic :
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .
I supported the Voting Rights Advancement Act to prevent states with a history of voting discrimination from suppressing political rights .
I am a supporter of the DREAM Act , which would offer permanent residency and eventual citizenship to children who were brought to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .
I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street .  In truth , it is the other way around .
It's   incumbent upon us to give the agreement a chance to succeed .  That is why I will support the iran agreement .
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
Tune in to Face The Nation this Sunday for a discussion on the iran agreement and other issues facing our country .
We cannot and must not shirk the historic role of the United States as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution .
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country .
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them .
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
In my view , Wall Street is too large and powerful to be reformed .  The huge financial institutions must be broken up .
It's   over .  Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt .  That's   why the Rs are so out of touch .
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say .
Pope Francis says climate change is one of the great crises we face .  I'm waiting for one word from Fox and the Rs on it .  DebateWithBernie
BTS live-tweeting the DebateWithBernie .
GOP agenda :  more money for military , tax breaks for the rich , cuts to Social Security and programs for working families .  DebateWithBernie
What I'm hearing so far :  tax breaks for the rich , more people losing health insurance and more talk about war .  This is not what we need .
Does any Republican agree with the majority of Americans who now strongly support gay rights and same-sex marriage ?  DebateWithBernie
Millions of Americans are struggling with horrendous student debt + high interest rates .  Do the Rs have anything to say ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs discuss criminal justice reform and the need to end police killing of unarmed African-Americans ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox talk about outrageous GOP voter suppression and the undermining of the Voting Rights Act ?  VRA50 DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs talk about pay equity for women workers who make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Waiting .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of massive inequality , does any R think the wealthy and large corporations should pay a nickel more in taxes ?  DebateWithBernie
Social Security can pay every penny owed for next 18 yrs .  Lift the cap on taxable income and it'll be solvent for decades .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker repeal Obamacare .  Throw millions of more people off of their health insurance .  Great idea .  DebateWIthBernie
Carson talks about the debt .  Hey Dr .  Carson .  .  .  the Rs forgot to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .  $6-8 trillion on the credit card .
Check it out .  How many of the candidates on the stage have super PACs funded by millionaires and billionaires ?  DebateWIthBernie
Huckabee and Carson :  more tax breaks for billionaires , higher taxes for working families .  DebateWithBernie
Fox's   great idea .  Climate change is the great global environmental crisis , but they want to cut or destroy the EPA .  DebateWithBernie
Some of us didn't believe Bush and Cheney on Iraq .  We voted NO .  That was the right vote .  DebateWithBernie
The clock is ticking .  Climate change ?  Income inequality ?  Citizens United ?  Waiting for the questions and the discussion .  DebateWithBernie
Who would've believed it ?  Dr .  Rand Paul is right .  Yes we can fight terrorism and protect the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Constitution .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker listened to the American people on immigration .  Really ?  Most Americans want a path to citizenship .  DebateWithBernie
Marco Rubio is right .  The people are frustrated .  The rich get much richer and everyone else is getting poorer .  Will the Rs talk about this ?
Kasich saved Ohio's   economy !  Oh .  Who was the president who helped lower unemployment and create millions of new jobs ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will Fox ask if it's   appropriate for billionaires to buy elections ?  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Oh .  It was just a movie trailer .  GOPDebate DebateWithBernie
Does any GOPer care about whether or not a woman , rather than the gov't , should make decisions regarding her own body ?  DebateWithBernie
Will any Republican talk about the need to raise the current starvation minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour ?  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush has a lot of respect for his brother George W .  Really ?  Let's   not forget the virtual collapse of our economy when he left office .
Will the GOPers talk about why the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all as a right ?  DebateWithBernie
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ?
Let's   see what questions Fox will ask .  Will they talk about the disastrous Citizen United decision that allows the rich to buy elections ?
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves , standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy .
The 2016 presidential election will be the first in 50 years where voters won't have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act .  VRA50
Despite the central role they play in our economy , undocumented workers are reviled by many for political gain and shunted into the shadows .
I agree .  We are committed to making registering to vote as easy as possible .  .  .  -
In America , everybody who is eligible to vote is entitled to vote .  That is American democracy .  VR50
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process .
The average chief executive in America now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker .
We must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and leave a habitable planet for our grandchildren .
A single-payer system will expand employment opportunities and lift a weight off of businesses encumbered by employee health expenses .
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is the struggle of a lifetime .  Our time to fight is now .
Is it morally appropriate that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1% ?
Open to all Americans over 65 years of age , Medicare has been a resounding success since its introduction 48 years ago .
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program .
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and to take on the wealthy special interests that wield so much power .
Much of the corporate media is prepared to discuss everything except the most important issues facing our country .
Real change takes place when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough , and create a political revolution from the ground up .
Is our democracy being destroyed when one family can spend $900 million to buy elections ?
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery .
The wealthiest 14 people in this country increased their wealth in two years by more than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans .
Instead of trying to take away health care from women , we should be trying to provide family and medical leave to all of our families .
We actually need a heck of a lot more than $3 per person for women's   health care , Jeb Bush
Creating a simple system with one payer covering all Americans would result in an enormous reduction in administrative expenses .
July 29 proved that we have the people and that we're organized .  Here's   a short video of history in the making :
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill .
While insurance and drug companies make huge profits , Americans spend more and get less than people from any other nation .
We must make college affordable so that every qualified American can get the education they need to reclaim the American dream .
We must create a national health care system that provides quality health care for all in the most cost-effective way possible .
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export .
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents .
Maybe for once Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet .
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media .
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .
Where people have no work , where folks have no health insurance , that's   where we should be , including Louisiana .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income .
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .
Now is not the time for the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
We must move forward in ending our dependence on fossil fuel and move toward energy efficiency and renewable energy .
I will introduce legislation which will allow people to run for office without having to beg money from the wealthy .
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .
ICYMI :  This past Friday at Natl Urban League we need some new thinking .
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people , not for hunting , should not be sold in America .
Let's   defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement .
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families .  That has got to change .
LIVE on Periscope
I am honored to receive the endorsement of Friends of the Earth one of the great environmental organizations in the world .
Health care is a right , not a privilege .
It's   an outrage that millions of women in this country are forced back to work after giving birth .
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections .
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police .
The only way forward , to bring forth a progressive agenda , is to have the American people mobilized .
We are building a strong grassroots movement together , and people should not underestimate us .
For the last 40 years , there has been a massive attack by corporate America against the middle class .
We've got to change our trade policies , so companies aren't shutting down here and moving abroad .
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who's   involved in domestic abuse situations .
Inspired by the activists standing up to Shell in Portland and Seattle .  We cannot address climate change and drill in the Arctic .  ShellNo
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's   health .
If we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish for our great country .
I have introduced legislation that would make every every public college and university tuition-free .
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .

The only way we take on the Koch brothers is when we put together a strong grassroots movement of millions and millions of people .
I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone pipeline , which moves us exactly in the wrong direction .
It is time that we bring about a fundamental transformation of the American health care system .
We need to make government work for all the people , not just the 1 percent .
When I hear politicians like Jeb Bush talking about phasing out Medicare , that ain't gonna happen .  We're not going back .  Medicare4All
It is time to expand Medicare to every man and woman in America .  Medicare4All
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on campaign .  Bernie2016
Our West Coast stream is up .  Tune in to  now .  Bernie2016
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on our campaign .  Bernie2016
We need to educate , organize and mobilize the working families of our country to stand up for their rights .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation .
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well .
Most of the new jobs that are being created are part-time and low wage .  And that wage remains at the starvation level of $7 . 25 per hour .
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it .
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose the pipeline .
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .
Now is the time to alter our government .  No more excuses .  We must all become involved in the political process .
Judith is ready for her MN Bernie2016 organizing meeting .  Attend a local event on Wednesday :
Our opponents have the billionaires on their side , but we have the people .  Attend an organizing meeting on Wednesday :
We need a new approach to trade , an approach which benefits the working families of our country .
The scientific community is clear :  Global warming is real and it is caused by human activity .
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , a lesson I have never forgotten .
Some people told me Louisiana was a conservative state .  I guess not .
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .
We need to bring back Glass-Steagall legislation .
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century .  This is catastrophic .
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face .
I ask them not to yield to an economic model which is idolatrous , which needs to sacrifice human lives on the altar of money .  .  Pope Francis
Tune in to Meet the Press for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  Check local listings for air time .
No person should have to worry that a routine interaction with law enforcement will end in violence or death .  SCLC
People of color are afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .  SCLC
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr SCLC
A progressive estate tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality .
In addition to busting up the big trusts of his time , President Theodore Roosevelt fought for the creation of a progressive estate tax .
We must convince low-income workers that voting can raise the national minimum wage to a living wage .
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  They have worked .
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people .
Billionaires like the Koch brothers and others should not be able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns .
This is what a rigged economic system looks like .
We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work and to raise wages .  fightfor15
The American people must demand the White House start protecting the interests of working families , not just wealthy campaign contributors .

I hope it's   clear how dire it is for millions of people working full time yet living in poverty .  We have a moral obligation to help them .
Our goal should be to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all Americans .
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .
We must launch a political revolution that engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change .
Climate change threatens the planet , and we have a major political party denying its reality .
I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of the Equality Act .  These protections are long overdue .  EqualityForward
Giving up is not an option if we want to prevent irreparable harm to our planet .
The corporate media spends enormous time and energy diverting our attention away from the most important issues facing us .
Despair is not an option if we care about our kids and grandchildren .
Our criminal justice system is out of control .
It would be very hard to imagine a white middle class woman being treated in the same way as Sandra Bland was .
Our political system is dominated by billionaire campaign contributors and their lobbyists and is moving us in the direction of oligarchy .
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills .
In the year 2015 , a job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .
The ACA has made modest improvements in American health care since it took effect .  But it is not enough .
This country is in serious trouble .  Our economic system benefits the rich and large corporations and leaves working families behind .
Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the social safety net , but we must expand benefits for those in need .
  We are going to put the justice back in justice system and prosecute the perpetrators .
This type of police abuse has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it must stop .  -B
Iowans at Independence Day gatherings show off their Bernie 2016 signs and talk about the important issues in 2016 .
Warren Buffet has pointed out the unfairness of the fact that he , a multibillionaire , pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary .
We need a tax system that is fair and progressive .
We'll be there 8/14 in Clear Lake , Iowa !  MT   Tickets selling faster than anticipated .  .  .  Get tickets now !
It's   disgraceful that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .  This must end .
It is absurd that in 1952 corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while in 2014 they provided 11 percent .
It is fiscally irresponsible that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 loses about $100 billion a year because corporation stash their profits in the Cayman Islands .
In my view , we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets .

Nothing will get done unless millions of people stand up and roundly proclaim enough is enough .
Supporters have created more than 1 ,500 organizing meetings on July 29th .  Get involved by hosting or attending here :
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .
They are all heroes .
In terms of income , 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent .  This is what a rigged economic system looks like .
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home .
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .
Sandra Bland , Eric Garner , Freddie Gray and too many others .
We must make sure that every person who has the ability can get a good education , regardless of their family income .
We have a long way to go to overcome racism in this country .
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ?
We should be providing jobs and education for our kids rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration .
Our largest turnout yet in Phoenix .
Got questions for our town hall at Netroots Nation ?  Tweet them using NN15TownHall .
Are we comfortable with an American political system which is being dominated by a handful of billionaires ?
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties combined that is not democracy , that is oligarchy .  IDPHOF
No president , not even the best one , can bring about the changes that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .
American workers are being denied a benefit that workers in every other advanced economy already enjoy :  10 days of paid vacation time .
Backstage at the   Hall of Fame dinner .
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans .

The function of banking should be to provide affordable loans to businesses to create jobs .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  That is not a family value .
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .
The enormous concentration of ownership within the financial sector is hurting the middle class and damaging the economy .
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of Americans .
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  Enough is enough !
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  It is not acceptable that women receive less than their male counterparts doing the same job .
The best way to expand the economy is to raise wages and create good jobs to increase the purchasing power of the American people .
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to gay rights .
More people have contributed to our campaign than to any other presidential candidate , Democrat or Republican .  I am humbled by this support .
We must do a lot more to rebuild the middle class , check corporate greed and make our economy work again for working families .
Corporations must stop manipulating their shares to reward their executives and billionaire shareholders through the use of stock buybacks .
Corporations have mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns making it harder for workers to collectively bargain for decent wages and benefits .
We must continue and expand our efforts to be national leaders in the fight for gender equality .
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about support for abstinence-only education .
With turnout projections mounting , the location of Saturday's   rally in Phoenix has been changed .  To RSVP go to
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .
I want to create millions of jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and i've introduced legislation to do that .
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes .
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward .
The fact is that the middle class of this country continues its 40-year decline , people are working longer hours for lower wages .
Our free and open Internet has made invaluable contributions to democracy both here in the United States and around the world .
40 percent of American workers aren't even eligible for family and medical unpaid leave .
The iranDeal is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling and could keep us from being drawn into another never-ending war .
The American people understand that establishment economics are not working for the middle class .  They want real change .
We need a mass grassroots movement that says we're involved and we're organized .
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them .
I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour .  A majority of the American people want to do that .
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and in a loud and clear voice we say no to racism and bigotry .
When Republicans use the term they're usually talking about things like denying a woman's   right to choose .
Ordinary people are profoundly disgusted with the fact that the middle class is being destroyed and income going to the top 1 percent .
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to contraception .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .
The American people say overwhelmingly that we have to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on contributions .
Sanders Economic Agenda Puts Spotlight on Poor and Collapsing Middle Class :
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .
  May the force be with us .
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans .
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system .  It cannot be ignored .
The American people are disgusted with the degree that billionaires are able to buy elections .
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .
I supported the president's   executive action on immigration-I think that was a good step .  But we have to push harder .
Do people know that in many countries throughout Europe , public colleges and universities are either tuition-free or very inexpensive ?
We are forcing the system to start dealing with the real issues facing the middle class and working families .

Do the American people even know that we're the only major Western industrialized country that doesn't guarantee health care for all ?
If anyone thinks that the kind of police brutality that we're seeing now is something new , they are sorely mistaken .
There is nothing more important than leaving this country , and this planet , habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
The biggest political problem facing this country is that we don't discuss the serious issues facing this country .
The flag belongs in a museum .
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war .
America is not supposed to be a country where 99 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent .
What we need now is an economy that provides decent wages and income for the middle class , not demands that people work even longer hours .
This campaign is not only about winning elections , it is about transforming America .
Our job , in this moment , is not to think small .  The United States must lead the world in fighting climate change .
All over America , people are becoming involved in our campaign because they want change .  Real change !  That's   what this campaign is about .
In Great Britain , new mothers get 40 weeks of paid leave .  70 percent of countries offer paid leave to new fathers as well .

Low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices and among the most vulnerable to the perils of a changing climate .
Must read from Washington Post Missing the whole Bernie Sanders point
Let's   say it loud and clear :  women controls their bodies , not the government .
Catch up on our exciting weekend in the Granite State !
When Roosevelt ran for reelection , he welcomed the hatred of what he called the economic royalists .  I'm prepared to do that as well .
I think the discontent of the American people is far , far greater than the pundits understand .
When workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work , productivity goes up and employees are more satisfied with their jobs .
Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment , it will create good paying jobs .
I strongly believe Puerto Rico should be afforded the same bankruptcy protections that exist for municipalities across the United States .
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable , and unforgivable .
Talked to Reverend Al Sharpton last night on   about our campaign's   momentum and message :
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .
I would like as many debates as possible , and I would also like to break new ground and have debates with Republicans and Democrats .
From ME to CA , the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics aren't working for the middle class .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
I am asking Americans from across the country to come together for a series of conversations .  Join us on July 29 .
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ?
Medicare is more cost-effective than private insurers , and could serve as the foundation for a single-payer system .
I applaud the people of Greece for saying 'no' to more austerity for the the poor , the children , the sick and the elderly .
Even when working Americans face a serious disease like cancer , they have no guarantee of paid sick leave .  It doesn't have to be this way .
We must move away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy .
Of 182 nations that do provide paid leave , more than half guarantee at least 14 weeks off .
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ?
Our contingent in the Waukee , Iowa Fourth of July parade .  Bernie2016
Why must many older Americans be forced to choose between paying for food , shelter , or medical care ?
TeamBernie getting ready to march in Ames , Iowa !
College tuition is free in Germany , even for citizens of other countries .  It's   also free in Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Ireland and Mexico .
We have the moral obligation to do everything humanly possible to defend those men and women who defended us .
Wow !  2 ,300+ came out for our town meeting in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  Largest turnout in Iowa for any single candidate .
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way .

We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices .
A full house and then some at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake , Iowa !
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than any other major industrialized nation .
Why are we so far behind so many other countries when it comes to meeting the needs of working families and the American middle class ?
It's   standing room only for our town meeting in Sioux City , Iowa this evening !
Why can't every American who is qualified get a higher education , regardless of family income ?
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote .
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax .
When the people stand together , we can win .
At the end of the day they may have the money , but we have the people and when the people stand together we can win .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Rochester , MN
We need to create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires .
I applaud the president for continuing to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba , just like most of the rest of the world .
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years , Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth .
TPP would expand the profits of big drug companies , keep drug prices artificially high and leave millions without access to lifesaving drugs .
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .
Let me be clear .  Nothing is going to happen , unless we have the courage to take on the billionaire class .
Why can't we have the lowest rate of childhood poverty in America instead of the highest ?
  Hi Logan , we're really sorry to hear that .  Please give our store a call at 802-363-6099 .
If we stand together , we will win .
This overdue change means businesses will no longer be able to shirk their responsibility to pay fair wages .
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :
The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 40 percent .
Not too many people voted against DOMA in 1996 .  I did .  And because of a grassroots movement for gay rights , public consciousness changed .
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment .
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes .
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .
The scientific community has been extremely clear .  We must take bold action to address climate change .
Another great crowd in Laconia , New Hampshire as 400 turn out for our town meeting .
More than 500 pack the house in Durham , New Hampshire for our town meeting .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Durham , NH
Come pack the house with other supporters on Wednesday evening in Madison , Wisconsin .  RSVP here :
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Henniker , NH
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :
Great crowd for our house party in Bow !  FITN nhpolitics
LIVE :  Town hall meeting in Nashua , NH .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Nashua , NH
I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who are anxious to be part of our campaign .
We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .
Corporate America has mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns .  We must make certain that workers are given a fair chance to join a union .
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .
We once led the world in the percentage of our people with a college degree .  Now we are in 12th place .
Join me in Madison to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the middle class must end .
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .
We should do everything possible to guarantee the right to vote , not make it harder .  I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act .
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  I am honored to have their backing .
We are the richest country in the history of the world yet almost all of the wealth ends up in the hands of the few .
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them and not only for the CEOs of major multi-national corporations .
Despite new technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than in 1999 .
We're hiring field organizers in Iowa !  Click here for more information :
Listen live to my conversation with   on TPP at 4 : 05pm
In my view , the American consumer does not want the tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated and underpaid .
Must read :  I'm a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the largest corporations to pay their fair share .
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .
It is time to rebuild the middle class and reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else .
We need to change outdated overtime rules so that businesses can't shirk their responsibility by labeling low-paid workers as supervisors .
The confederate flag is a relic of our nation's   stained racial history .  It should come down .
Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .
Equal pay for equal work .
When parents and children can't spend any time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say .  Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Denver , CO
To be meaningful , a pathway to citizenship needs be achievable for the millions of workers at the lower end of the economic ladders .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
Momentum is building .  A look at the massive turnouts and energy behind our campaign events :
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It's   time to break up too big to fail banks .
It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .
If the Export-Import Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the United States , it should be eliminated .
Join us live for our Las Vegas town hall meeting on Periscope .
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Las Vegas , NV
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy , we must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy .
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks of life , that is not a family value .
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation .
We need an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people at the very top .
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .
We must implement a trade policy that demands that corporate America invests in this country rather than in countries all over the world .
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up .
Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activities .  We must lead the world in combating the planetary crisis of global warming .
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America .
Virtually every major union and environmental organization in the United States is against the TPP deal .  TPA
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision .
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime .
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities .
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised .
Despite exploding technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than it was in 1999 .
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .
The minimum wage must become a living wage - which means raising it to $15 an hour over the next few years .
I believe in a path to citizenship , and I agree with President Obama's   plans to do through executive action what Congress refuses to .
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .
General Electric Verizon and The Boeing Company have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS .
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth .
At the Hawkeye Labor Council AFL-CIO annual steak fry in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution .
We are very pleased to have the support of the South Carolina AFL-CIO executive board !
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs .
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse .  Isn't it time for a change ?
Congress Deals a Setback to the Corporate Trade Agenda TPA TPP
Big crowd for our town hall meeting this evening in Des Moines , Iowa .  iacaucus
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy .
Economic Policy Inst estimates that NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680 ,000 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 jobs .  Sign here to oppose the TPP :
The TPP outsources jobs , undercuts worker rights , and dismantles labor laws .  Sign the petition to say no to TPP :
We need trade policies that rebuild our manufacturing sector , not agreements that will lead to fewer jobs and lower wages .  TPA
Economic Policy Inst estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with china led to the net loss of over 2 . 7 million American jobs .  TPA
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .  TPA
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer .
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work .
I was honored to be among those who marched on Washington with Dr .  MLK Jr Read my piece about his dream on Medium
Follow our campaign on Medium here :
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs .
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system .
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
A NYTimes poll shows that 74% of the American people think that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics .
Must read from The Nation Wisconsin Straw Poll :  Clinton 49 Percent , Sanders 41 Percent
No we will not cut Social Security .
Wisconsin Democrats straw poll :  Clinton 49% - Sanders 41% .
We need to hold thousands of meetings like this one in Keene , NH , all over the country :
Brattleboro's   14th annual Strolling of the Heifers festival was udderly fantastic .
NEWS :  Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire .
Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire !
Annual Strolling of the Heifers parade in Brattleboro , Vermont .
Now is the time for millions of working families to come together to revitalize American democracy .  Join us :
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists .
Spencer Tweedy We apologize for the inconvenience .  The demand has been exceedingly high .  We hope to fix the store soon .
American democracy is not about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections .  It is one person-one vote and no voter suppression .
Rolling Stone spent three days on the campaign trail with us .  Check it out :
  Coralville Iowa We had a great meeting in Coralville several months ago !  Looking forward to coming back .
Must read from Washington Post As the rich become super-rich , they pay lower taxes .  For real .
The people of this country are tired of political gossip , personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads .  I've never run a negative ad in my life .
Americans want candidates to engage in serious discussions about the issues facing our country .  Sign my petition :
Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .
Coming up at 12 : 15pm ET -- we'll be on with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the importance of debates in 2016 .
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for .  We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United .
What a week we had in Vermont , New Hampshire , Iowa and Minnesota :   Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society .
Addressing the overflow crowd in Minneapolis .  MN
  Sorry about that Marcos .  We need a bigger venue !
About 600 came out to celebrate our campaign kickoff in Ames , Iowa !
We must be touching a nerve !  Another 300 listening outside in Iowa City .
Continuing our road trip in beautiful West Branch , Iowa -- 200 came out for our backyard house party .
Another great turnout in Iowa at Muscatine County Democrats meeting .
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .
I am glad to hear that the State Department has removed Cuba from their list of state-sponsored terrorists .
Our first day in Iowa was a big success :
My campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate , not political gossip .
Photos and a recap from our first day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire :
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Just Fired the Opening Shots of His Political Revolution In Vermont by
Burlington Police estimate more than 5 ,000 showed up for our big launch .  Join us live at  .
About to take the stage here in Burlington .  Tune in at  .
We're excited to launch our new Instagram !  Follow us on the campaign trail :
Memorial Day parade in Middlebury , Vt .
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable .
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear .
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least .
Wall Street cannot be an island separate from the rest of the productive economy whose only goal is to make as much money as possible .
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail , are now bigger than they used to be .
It's   time to break up the big banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .
For 30 years I've stood up for workers in this country , and I believe I am the only candidate now prepared to take on the billionaire class .
Excited for Bill McKibben to speak at our kickoff event on Tuesday in Burlington !
A political revolution is coming .  Text BERNIE to 82623 to sign up for important mobile alerts from TeamBernie .
Support my bill to make public colleges and universities tuition-free :   CollegeforAll
I congratulate the Los Angeles City Council for voting to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour .
In this economy , college is the new high school .  We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .
CollegeForAll -- that's   how we'll compete effectively in this new global economy .  Support my bill :
Support my bill to make public college tuition-free :   CollegeForAll
Every American who has the desire and ability should be able to get an affordable college education .   CollegeForAll
I believe that in a democratic , civilized society none of our people should be hungry or living in desperation .
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .
The United States must lead the world in combating climate change and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels .
We need a massive federal jobs program which puts millions of our people back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .
We are the richest country in the world but that means nothing when almost all of the wealth and income ends up in the hands of the few .
Since 1999 , the typical middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5 ,000 after adjusting for inflation .
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class .
Why would we approve another trade deal like those that have failed so miserably ?  NoTPP
Trade agreements should not just work for corporate America .  They have got to benefit the working families of our country .
The United States must move toward a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  Health care is a right not a privilege .
While a member of the House Financial Services Committee , I was one of those leading the fight against the deregulation of Wall Street .
We need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs .
It is absurd that in 1952 , corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while , in 2014 , they provided 11 percent .
We must listen to the scientists and lead the world in halting climate change so this planet is habitable for our kids and grandchildren .
Over a period of a few years the national minimum wage should be $15 per hour .
Must read from The Hill Banks brace for Bernie Sanders
I am vigorously opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement , and will do everything that I can to defeat it .
Shamefully , the United States remains the only major industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people .
It is not acceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  That's   what this campaign is all about .
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change .
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .
Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country , not spend millions on ugly and negative 30-second ads .
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least .
I voted against the Patriot Act every time it came up , and it still needs major reform .
A discussion from 1989 on the failure of our elected officials to address the needs of working-class Americans .  TBT
It's   time to make our government work for all of us , and not just the top one percent .  Join our campaign :
The billionaires and their super PACs increasingly control the American political process .  That's   why we must overturn Citizens United .
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner .
The great challenge that we face .  .  .
I believe we should break up the big Wall Street banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .
It is better to show up than to give up .  Join us :
I'm running for the Democratic nomination because we must change course , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
Change will not come without political participation .  Join our campaign at
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires but we can't take care of the elderly and the children ?
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little .
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Join our campaign at
I'm hoping to lead the fight against the TPP so that we do not continue to see shutdowns of factories in America .
We are at a moment of truth .  We need to face up to the reality of where we are as a nation , and we need a mass movement to fight for change .
A successful national campaign is a massive undertaking , especially when we will be heavily outspent .  Join us :
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few .
I run not to oppose any woman or man , but to propose new and far-reaching policies to deal with the crises of our times .
Our middle class is at a tipping point .  It will not last another generation if we don't boldly change course now .
Speaking to the leadership of the NH AFL-CIO about ways to rebuild the middle class  ( North Conway , NH )  .
The disastrous Citizens United case and other related decisions are undermining the very foundations of American democracy .
First official campaign event in Manchester , NH .  More than 100 strong .  Great event !
The people at the top are grabbing all the new wealth and income for themselves , and the rest of America is being squeezed and left behind .
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders .
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign at  .
I believe that together we can change America , and breathe new life into the soul of our nation .  That is what our campaign is all about .
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign .
Follow me on Reddit .
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  Join our campaign :
Join the campaign at :
Nineteen Republican presidential candidates in NewHampshire and they all say the same thing :
Go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue . 
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
This is shameful .  The model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues .  
It should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes , not the working people of Philadelphia .  
Unbelievably , and grotesquely , the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent . 
Brothers and sisters , we are going to change our national priorities .  
Diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness .  It is intelligence .  It is strength . 
In 2015 , McDonald's   CEO saw his pay go up from $1 . 68 million to nearly $8 million .  Yet 15 bucks an hour is too radical for his employees . 
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  We need a Medicare-for-all health care system .  
A win for NY , our planet , and our grandchildren .  Safe fracking is like clean coal :  pure fiction .  KeepItInTheGround 
It's   clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the Berks County Family Detention Center .  
I thank the 35 ,000 members of the United Electrical Workers for their endorsement .  
Money is not free speech .  Elections should not be auctions .  In a democracy , we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas . 
At a time when so few have so much , and so many have so little , we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable . 
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages , decent benefits , and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries . 
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country , and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in . 
We need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders . 
Bernie visited the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous address in 1863 .  
Housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently , not just 10 or 15 years . 
On any given night , almost 565 ,000 people are homeless in the United States .  This is a national disgrace . 
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are - American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home . 
The vice president is exactly right .  
Signing the Paris climate deal is an important step but not enough .  We must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax . 
The gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families .  Time to shut down the Berks Family Detention Center .  
Happy EarthDay !  Let's   work together to leave a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren . 
Happy Passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate ! 
Verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits , outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax .  Support the workers :  
This campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have .  
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world .  We can create a nation where health care is a right for all Americans . 
Sec .  Clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage , but show us a plan to get there . 
The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
I like the idea of saying , 'We can do much more ,' because we can .  - Vice President Joe Biden 
Five states vote on Tuesday and we're setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can .  Sign up for a shift :  
I condemn Principal LaRaviere's   reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel's   pettiness . 
The only explanation for Chicago Principal Troy LaRaviere's   removal appears to be Rahm Emanuel's   unhealthy obsession with taking revenge . 
Mark Ruffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn , New York and talked about what it was like growing up there .  
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right . 
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy . 
I cannot think of an American hero more deserving of this honor than Harriet Tubman .  
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works 40 hours a week lives in poverty . 
Over the past decade , federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated .  Unacceptable .  
One year after Freddie Gray was killed we still have no justice .  The chants have only grown louder .  It's   time we ended police brutality . 
Now is the time to transform America .  When people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us .  
New York - let's   make it clear that the Empire State is part of the political revolution !  Go vote .  
Help make sure Bernie supporters in New York get out to vote .  
These attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice . 
Los actos de amor del Papa Francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados . 
We must increase the minimum wage not only in the United States , but in Haiti and throughout the world .  
On Sunday , I visited Brownsville .  I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis .  
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels .  KeepItInTheGround
Danny Glover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice .  I thank him for his support .  
I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York .  
The president's   immigration actions are good first steps .  The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward .  FightForFamilies
For 30 years , GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River .  We must clean it up and hold GE accountable .  
Bernie is a protester .  He's   not scared to go up against the criminal justice system .  - Erica Garner 
How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling ? 
We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness .  
Tune in to BernieAtProspectPark live here :  
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world , people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing .  
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address .  
Jane O'Meara Sanders is a soulmate and a sounding board .  I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else .  
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour .  Not just in one or two cities , but across the country .  
It is extremely sad that the United States , one of the oldest democracies , has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country . 
Medicare for all means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges . 
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms . 
New York :  it's   our time again to build a future to believe in .  
We can win New York , but we'll need a strong grassroots effort .  Let's   reach 2 million calls and TakeNYbyPhone :  
We shouldn't cut the GI bill .  Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits .  DefendTheGIBill 
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war , and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans .  DefendTheGIBill
Health care costs are out of control .  Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control . 
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support . 
Some believe it's   ok to take $200 ,000 an hour from Wall Street , but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much .  
We're all in this together .   
I annotated a speech by Pope Francis .  Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common .  
The Urgency of a Moral Economy :  Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus 
If we wake up the American people , if we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  New York , vote on April 19 ! 
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise .  DemDebate 
Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors :  Hillary Clinton - 51% Bernie Sanders - 3%
$27 a contribution .  Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money .  THAT IS A PEOPLE'S CAMPAIGN .   DemDebate
Public colleges and universities tuition free ?  Damn right . 
AskAboutAbortion this segment , please . 
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world .  That includes BOTH israel and Palestine , not just one or the other . 
If we are going to achieve peace , we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity .  DemDebate
I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people .  - Hillary Clinton Just wanted that one on the record . 
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for Hillary Clinton to get her on their side .  They donate to her because she is already on their side . 
Hillary Clinton's   plan to address climate change does not go far enough .  We need bold changes , not just small steps .  DemDebate
Hillary Clinton supports fracking .  Bernie does not .  DemDebate
Millions of people are standing up , Hillary Clinton $12 is not enough .  Let's   raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour .  DemDebate
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street .  There were none .  Hillary's   been looking into it for 70 days .  DemDebate
If there's   nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's   Wall Street speeches , why not just ReleaseTheTranscripts ?  DemDebate
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street's   greed , Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out . 
Does Hillary Clinton believe money has no influence in politics ?  Seems to contradict her issues page here :  
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  Plain and simple . 
Rosario Dawson is right :  The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day , it's   the struggle of a lifetime .  
Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit .  Full statement :  
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money .  
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
48 hours .  15 ,000 volunteers .  2 million calls .  This weekend we're going to TakeNYbyPhone Join us :  
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage .  FightFor15
We're making progress in Seattle , Los Angeles , San Francisco , California , New York and Oregon . 
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take no for an answer . 
Not too long ago , the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or pie-in-the-sky . 
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us , not just powerful special interests . 
It's   me , Bernie 'Brooklyn Born' Sanders and guess what Ted Cruz I have New York values .   
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should . 
Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's   great to be back !  - Bernie NewYorkForBernie
The cause is right and the time is NOW .  - Nina Turner NewYorkforBernie
This momentum is incredible - but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's   primary .  Make a plan :  
We need strong progressives in Congress like   Team Pramila and   Help us elect them :  
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore . 
I don't want the support of McAdam , Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class .  I welcome their contempt .  
Roosevelt battled his era's   elite .  He called them economic royalists .  Bernie calls them the billionaire class .  
As president , I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people .  
How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States ? 
We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country , but lift living standards throughout the world . 
Making women travel hundreds of miles , wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace . 
For the past 40 years , the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care .  That is unacceptable . 
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people .  They should be in jail .  
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer .  Evolving is not good enough .  We need leadership . 
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud .  
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  EqualPayDay
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .  EqualPayDay
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Shameful .  We need pay equity .  EqualPayDay
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave .  
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money .  Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy .  DemocracySpring
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  DemocracySpring
It's   wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis .  Natural gas isn't a bridge fuel , it's   a fossil fuel . 
Right now , under the Federal Controlled Substance Act , marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin .  That's   pretty crazy . 
People should be rewarded for getting an education , not punished with student debt of $50 ,000 , $100 ,000 or more . 
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy .  It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans . 
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful . 
ICYMI :  Bernie and the Big Banks - Robert Reich former Secretary of Labor 
New York , let's   make a little bit of history .  Make a plan to vote on Tuesday , April 19 :   
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable , and will create millions of good jobs . 
Climate change is an economic , public health , national security and environmental problem .  It is every kind of issue at once . 
As president , I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House .  Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office . 
Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people .  .  .  
It's   clear that the war on drugs was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end . 
We know that tough on crime policies have failed .  Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation . 
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support !  
Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York .  We need to do more to address this housing crisis . 
Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration .  - Ben Jealous 
15 dollars an hour everywhere .  FamilyValuesIn5Words
We can't properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty . 
If we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  Wyoming , let's   caucus !  
That's   just a single issue where Hillary Clinton and I differ . 
In my view , we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand , not weaken , the social safety net . 
In 2008 , Hillary Clinton said that welfare should not be an anti-poverty program .  I disagree . 
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty .  That is unacceptable . 
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need . 
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits :  1996 :  68% 2014 :  Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011 , households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans ;  132% for Hispanics ;  109% for White Americans . 
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from 1 . 4 million to 3 . 5 million . 
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people . 
Since this legislation was signed into law , families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636 ,000 to 1 . 65 million . 
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster . 
Unfortunately , Hillary Clinton supported this bill calling it a critical first step to reforming our nation's   welfare system . 
I called that bill an assault on the poor , women and children , minorities , and immigrants .  I believed that then and I believe that now . 
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform .  
It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage .  It was the people telling him what to do .  That's   how change happens . 
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class , Congress is going to have to start paying attention . 
The problems facing this country now are so serious , are so deep , that the same-old , same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it . 
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change . 
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's   dependence on fossil fuels .  We've gotta get our act together . 
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements .  
As president , I would formally apologize for our country's   deplorable practice of slavery . 
We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured .  -  
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven , I care about leaving a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren . 
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet . 
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way , we're doing it differently .  
I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers .  Unions are my family .  I have worked with them for my entire life . 
Millions of people are working incredible hours - some with two or three jobs - just trying to care for themselves and their families . 
What Republicans are saying , very loudly and clearly , is that no woman in this country , has the right to control her own body .  I disagree . 
The Affordable Care Act , which I voted for and helped write , is a step forward for this country .  But we must build on it and go further . 
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles .  That's   an embarrassment . 
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign .  
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals . 
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security .  Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect . 
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the full promise of equality . 
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby . 
Corporate greed needs to end .  They're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans . 
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out , but we keep winning by large margins .  Keep us going :  
Tune in to Bernie's   remarks live from Laramie here :  
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms .  This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction .  
The major media don't know how to report on movements .  - Robert Reich 
Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's   bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage .  
Martin Luther King , Jr was one of the great leaders of our history .  We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice . 
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable . 
As president , I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage .  
Not too long ago , they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic .  Some said it was 'pie-in-the-sky . ' NY and CA are just the tipping point . 
We need a new approach to trade in this country - one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations . 
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics :  we are telling the truth . 
Let me be clear :  I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic , in the Gulf and in the Atlantic . 
My climate plan will cut 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050 , in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution . 
I recognize it's   a bold peice of legislation .  But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren . 
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet .  I've led the opposition to it from the beginning . 
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world .  It's   too late for incremental change .  We must act boldly . 
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans . 
As president , I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history .  He's   got it backwards . 
Under Gov .  Walker , we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin .  Absolutely wrong and unacceptable . 
In 1980 , Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent .  It's   time to extend this cap to every lender in America . 
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent . 
Current status of the Clark County , Nevada credentials committee .  
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County , Nevada Democratic Convention :  
Change cannot take place without political participation . 
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change . 
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin happening now :   WIPrimary
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier .  
As a born and raised New Yorker , I'm very proud .  A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation .  
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough . 
The truth is that Hillary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from oil , gas and coal industry lobbyists .  
They never thought we could do it .  We're on track to raise $43 . 5 million .  Chip in here :   
I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets .  We must end childhood poverty .  BernieInTheBronx
I am very proud to have been born in New York City !  BernieInTheBronx 
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson , Harry Belafonte , Spike Lee and Residente .  Tune in LIVE :   BernieInTheBronx
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month .  Help us reach our goal before midnight !  
It's   still a long shot , but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal .  Contribute before our deadline :  
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work .  We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law . 
Under my administration , Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail . 
I survived .  I became stronger .  I have a voice .  - Andrea Zekis , Transgender Activist TransDayofVisibility 
The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country .  I believe that they will win .  
We can't have a safe and sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's   products are making their profits from Wall Street . 
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies .  I think they are . 
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe .  Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake . 
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street . 
Agreed , Jumaane And yes , we will campaign like Brooklynites !  
I want children to know that if they study hard , no matter what the income of their families , they will be able to get a college education . 
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt .  That shortsighted path forward must end . 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty . 
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use . 
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color .  Read my plan :  
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country .  It is too late for establishment policies , politics and economics . 
It's   time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency . 
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people , not going to billionaires' homes begging for money .  
The vast majority of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 students are already working to put themselves through school .  The kids are alright . 
Yet wealthy kids under HillaryClinton's   plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week .  Kids from working families would .  
War has got to be the last recourse , not the first . 
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest Residente this Thursday , March 31 .  RSVP here :   BernieInTheBronx
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections . 
From Wisconsin to California , the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country .  
This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain .  
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .  
A job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage . 
I agree .  But here's   the difference :  I support a $15 federal minimum wage .  Hillary Clinton does not .  
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power .  That's   what I do . 
Scientists tell us we need bold action , not incremental change .  
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's   super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people . 
The sad reality is that across the globe , the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters . 
We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10 ,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity . 
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people .  Read more of our plan here :  
I agree with Lin-Manuel Miranda Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt .  
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families , especially for parents who work non-traditional hours . 
Ill-conceived military decisions , such as the invasion of Iraq , can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades . 
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years .  
Voter ID laws , discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression . 
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate ! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here :  
Together .  
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution !  
Tune in to BernieInSeattle live here :  
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable . 
Violence and brutality , particularly at the hands of the police , is unacceptable and must not be tolerated . 
Under my administration , the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands .  
A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution .  BirdieSanders  
The American people are not looking to settle for inches .  They're looking for real change .   
BirdieSanders and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field .  Meet us there :   
BirdieSanders 
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here :   BernieInPDX
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation .  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country - once the envy of the world - has been disappearing . 
We have more people in jail than any other country .  Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans . 
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy . 
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong . 
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008 , but Social Security was right there paying full benefits . 
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make , not the Governor of indiana .  
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction . 
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act .  Voting should not be this difficult . 
On Tuesday night , people waited in line for 5 hours to vote .  We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots .  This is unacceptable . 
I'm glad to see Greg Stanton asking Justice Department to investigate the voting delays in Arizona .  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world . 
It's   time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .  This law has no place in America .  
My plan :  break up big banks , close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share .  Then we can expand health care and make college free . 
As president , I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade .  We must protect and expand a woman's   right to abortion . 
As president , I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights .  
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military policy must be to destroy ISIS , but to do it in a way that does not get 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 troops involved in perpetual warfare . 
As president , I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly .  I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote . 
No , we're not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a moral objection to it .  HandsOffMyBC
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .  HandsOffMyBC
It is time for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity .  
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few . 
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here :  
It's   a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election . 
Idaho , stand up and fight for American democracy , an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy .  IDCaucus 
I continue to stand by the President's   calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough . 
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts !  
It's   important we not succumb to bigotry .  We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people .  We are not fighting a religion . 
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House .  
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium :  
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed .  We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here , not cast them out . 
Wonder how many $27 contributions Hillary Clinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist :  
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman . 
I believe israel , Palestine and the international community can , must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace . 
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   ForThePeople
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  ForThePeople 
Wisconsin !  This political revolution is one that is of the people and ForThePeople .  Register to vote by April 1 .  
We've shown what's   possible competing against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .  
When we stand together , we win .  ForThePeople 
This campaign is a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying :  enough is enough .  ForThePeople 
As president , I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v .  Wade . 
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era .  
When we come together and don't allow people to divide us , we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent . 
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history . 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues . 
Together , we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare . 
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10 , 15 , 20 years down the line - someone with judgment . 
Unfortunately , what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true . 
In 2003 , I voted against the War in Iraq .  It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war . 
That starts with defending veterans' benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress . 
In the wake of that war , we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans . 
That's   money that could have been spent on rebuilding America's   schools , roads , bridges and water systems . 
When the last benefits are calculated , that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars . 
Utah , join the political revolution .  Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday , March 22 .  ByThePeople 
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution ByThePeople .  Go out and vote on Tuesday .  
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  ByThePeople 
This campaign is a political revolution ByThePeople , and we must make sure that health care is a right , not a privilege . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Join us :   ByThePeople 
No one said a political revolution would be easy .  We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose .  ByThePeople
Arizona , Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday .  We have a good chance to win if we stand together .  ByThePeople 
This is a campaign of the people , ByThePeople and for the people .   
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire .  We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together .  
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians . 
Bernie is not a politician of convenience .  He understands that the powerless need a voice .  -   
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's   border is wrong and immoral . 
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet , we must fight for fair wages for all . 
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics .  We need a political revolution . 
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   OfThePeople
The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day or a year .  It's   the struggle of a lifetime .  OfThePeople 
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  OfThePeople
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation .  They ain't seen nothing yet .  OfThePeople
It's   important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see .  ofthePeople 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .  
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain OfThePeople .  They want real change ! 
Touring the border here in Nogales , Arizona .  I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families .  
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges , not more walls .  Pope Francis is right .  
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement .  OfThePeople 
This is a campaign OfThePeople , by the people , and for the people .   
Vote for the political revolution .  GetMillennialsToVoteIn5Words
Sec .  Clinton may disagree with me , but I don't think it's   a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad . 
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah .  We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout .  
We can have differences about when to go to war , but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned .  DefendTheGIBill
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors .  
And while we don't guarantee health care to all , we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending . 
Sec .  Clinton says she got to travel the world .  Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people ? 
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty . 
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free .  I know my opponent thinks it's   a radical idea , I don't . 
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street . 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
This is why my plan to ActOnClimate starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground .   
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution . 
Sec .  Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry .  I am doing it a different way . 
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint ?  FlintWaterCrisis
Here's   a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires ! 
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us . 
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits . 
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations . 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  We can change this system . 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security . 
No one said the political revolution would be easy .  We're facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose .  Donate :  
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control . 
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs .  America needs a political revolution . 
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans . 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken .  
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system .  
Seen in Chicago .  
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose . 
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests .  
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem .  Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues . 
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign .  This is a grassroots campaign . 
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers , not just coal workers .  
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers . 
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury . 
Hillary Clinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money .  
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet . 
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment . 
When we talk about education , we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage .  DemTownHall
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty .  DemTownHall
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders .  DemTownHall 
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .  DemTownHall
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process .  We should condemn violence not encourage it .  DemTownhall
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois .  
The American people don't need a president who says the right things in a stump speech .  They need a president who is with them every day . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care . 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child . 
I have a message for Secretary Clinton :  We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement .  We need to defeat it .  
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time . 
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price .  
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division . 
Every American , regardless of their income , should have access to a college education .  -   
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve . 
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me .  I don't want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers . 
We do things a little different in this campaign :  We bring people TOGETHER .  BernieInIL
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .  
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system . 
Remembering Jane Lang .  We will continue her fight for universal health care .   
As president , I will govern based on principle not poll numbers .  Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests . 
That's   a good question .  My answer is yes .  
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars .  Unlike Sec .  Clinton , I have nothing to release . 
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement , not a weaker one . 
I agree .  That's   why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions .  
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources . 
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history . 
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians .  We must overturn Citizens United before it's   too late . 
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement , a political revolution in this country . 
It's   unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits . 
Real change takes place when people stand up and say enough is enough , and when we create a political revolution from the ground up . 
PolitiFact :  Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind . 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people's   campaign . 
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 We've lost 60 ,000 factories since 2001 . 
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America .  DebateWithBernie 
Sec .  Clinton is arguing that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people . 
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage .  How would Hillary Clinton get there ?  UnivisionDebate
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after .  Unfortunately , he was right . 
The head of Goldman Sachs didn't give Bernie $225 ,000 for a speech .  He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street .  And he's   right . 
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders .  UnivisionDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .  The New York Times 
The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners .  - Hillary Clinton on the auto bailout in 2008 . 
Hillary Clinton doubles down on negative tactics and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times :  
We have laws .  - Hillary Clinton DemDebate 
I will not deport children from the United States of America .  I can make that promise .  DemDebate
Clinton acknowledged that , in some cases , a child's   deportation could bring them great harm .   DemDebate
As president , I will not support driver's   licenses for undocumented people .  .  .  - Hillary Clinton in 2007
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  
When we began we were 50 points behind the inevitable Democratic nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  DemDebate
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the DemDebate in Miami .  Tune in live here  and DebateWithBernie . 
I stand with Chicago teachers .  We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street .  
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people .  We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs . 
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty .  There's   enough violence in the world and the government shouldn't add to it .  
Multinational corporations making billions , moving jobs overseas , are asking for handouts from our middle class ?  I don't think so . 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right .  That's   taking care of its people .  Not more tax breaks for the rich . 
 FLGovScott , veto this bill .  Don't play politics with abortion .  
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids ? 
At the end of the day big money doesn't always win .  What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us . 
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class .  A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally , economically or politically . 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation , the wealthy have never had it so good . 
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men .  It's   sexism and it has got to end .  
This is what we can learn from history :  when people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials .  This should make us all proud .  
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  IWD2016
We must ensure pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work - it's   not a radical idea .  InternationalWomensDay
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi ?  Use iVoted and share this image !  
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave .  InternationalWomensDay
This is why it's   so important that our Democratic debate moderators AskAboutAbortion .  
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  GOTVforBernie 
Change cannot take place without political participation . 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014 :  
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman , without interference from politicians .  InternationalWomensDay
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it's   Wall Street that regulates Congress . 
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick .  Health care must be a right , not a privilege . 
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change .  We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it . 
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change . 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty . 
It took Fox News to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate .  DemTownHall
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need a serious discussion about the issues . 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance . 
From the Washington Post Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout .  He even voted for it .  
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress . 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   DemDebate
Safe fracking is like clean coal , pure fiction .  DemDebate
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking .  Hillary Clinton does .  Big difference .  DemDebate
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail's   father , consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family :  
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes .  Why do they need our taxpayer dollars ?  DemDebate
FACT :  Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008 .  DemDebate 
Bernie was one of the first , not one of the last , to oppose the job-killing TPP .  DemDebate cc : 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint ?  DemDebate
At the end of the day , I will trust the people to create a government that works for them , not Corporate America or Wall Street .  DemDebate
We're glad that Hillary Clinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov .  Snyder's   resignation .  DemDebate
Children in America should not be poisoned .  The federal government must act .  No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water .  DemDebate
The governor of Michigan must resign , but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint .  DemDebate
I helped write the Affordable Care Act .  It's   done some great things , but we must do more .  50 million are still uninsured or underinsured . 
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .  
This is a sad day for America .  Nancy Reagan had a good heart , and she will be dearly missed .  
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege . 
America's   radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class .  
This campaign is not about me-it's   about all of us .  No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together . 
U . S .  trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit , Flint :  
We've got the momentum , the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . 
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign .  There are no excuses .  
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .  
Tune in live to the Warren , Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon !   GOTVforBernie
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance . 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5 ,000 a year . 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry .  I'm not afraid of them , not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America . 
When we talk about public education , it is not just 1st grade through 12th .  We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free . 
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   GOTVforBernie
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society . 
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need .  BernieInIL 
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people .  BernieInIL
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  BernieInIL
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman . 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child . 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families , not billionaires buying elections . 
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change - real change - and that is what this campaign is about . 
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .   BernieInKS
In many states , it's   legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender .  We're gonna change that !  BernieInKS
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street . 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity .  BernieInKS 
Not many people know it , but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960 .  What changed ?  Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs . 
Change happens from the bottom up .  Keep fighting , sisters and brothers .  GOPDebate 
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he's   not worried because if elected she'll flip back to support it .  
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner . 
Here is a radical idea .  Let's   listen to the scientists , not the politicians .  BernieInNE 
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails .  BernieInNE
43 ,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA .  I opposed that bad deal , Hillary Clinton did not . 
I know that Sec .  Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big .  I don't think so . 
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's   free trade policies .  
If we are going to win this primary , we have to be ready to fight , organize , and win in the states ahead .  Volunteer :  
Our trade policy must change .  Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America , not in low-wage countries . 
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs - jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class - now pay a poverty wage of $9 . 60 an hour ? 
Happening now :  press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan .  Tune in live here :  
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation . 
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance . 
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury .  It's   crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world . 
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  FeelTheBern
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income . 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .  
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  BernieInPortland
It's   time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters .  
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Volunteer to help us win :  
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman's   constitutional right .  StopTheSham 
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr 
Welcome to the political revolution , Colorado !  
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie .  SuperTuesday  
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  SuperTuesday 
Amplify the vote !  Call Bernie voters in SuperTuesday states to help with the final shift of the day :  
America is about standing together .  Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality .  SuperTuesday 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on SuperTuesday ?  Use iVoted or iCaucused and share this image !  
Democrats win when voter turnout is high , when people come together and we reject division .  Go vote .  SuperTuesday 
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC , don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  SuperMonday
Wanna hear a radical idea ?  We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent .  SuperMonday MApoli
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton , MA .  Tune in LIVE :   SuperMonday
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .   SuperMonday
My opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   SuperMonday 
Fighting for social justice is never easy .  It is always a struggle .  Join us :   SuperMonday 
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  SuperMonday
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives .  SuperMonday 
Vote to win the White House .  SuperMonday 
Great article by Elizabeth Warren This is exactly what our campaign is talking about .  
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country . 
Tune in now to the Tom Joyner for a discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
On the road with my most trusted adviser Jane O'Meara Sanders 
Bernie Sanders can't do this alone .  We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement .  COpolitics 
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough . 
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world , not the country with the most people in jail ! 
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
America's   first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .  Yet we leave millions overlooked . 
As a veteran of the Iraq War , Rep .  Tulsi Gabbard understands the cost of war .  I am honored to have her endorsement .  
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve . 
It's   time for this injustice to end .  
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters .  This campaign is just beginning .  
It is the public - not the candidate - who decides how much disclosure is enough .   ReleaseTheTranscripts
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia , S . C .  office for the afternoon canvass launch .  SCforBernie 
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits .  
It's   time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave , paid sick time and paid vacation leave . 
What is going on in America ?  We should be hiring educators , not firing them !  
To the vast majority of the American people , democracy means one person , one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs . 
Tune in now to catch NinaTurner's   introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina !  SCforBernie 
I will certainly look into it .  21 days 19 hours 6 minutes 
I have a radical idea :  instead of having unfettered free trade , we should have fair trade protecting workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and abroad . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's   Barber Shop in Columbia , S . C .  to talk to voters .  
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president :  
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs .  
I have a 98% pro-union voting record .  I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement . 
Since 2001 , bad trade policies caused 60 ,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close . 
This great university is being threatened with cuts .  What is going on in America ?  Where are our priorities ?  
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .  
We need politicians who will stand with indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands .  
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton ?  
NYT agrees :  Hillary Clinton should release her Wall Street transcripts .  Day 20 since she said I will look into it .  
Join rapper and activist Killer Mike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg .  
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  They're overworked , underpaid , and under enormous stress . 
All immigrants , including undocumented workers and their families , should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act . 
What welfare reform did , in my view , was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country .  
Let us be clear :  the campaign finance system in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is corrupt , it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed . 
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable . 
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren .  
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up .  Another candidate does not agree . 
I do not have a super pac .  One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street .  One of us does not . 
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from   We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change .  
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is nothing we can't accomplish .  
We need to invest in jobs and job training , rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people . 
It's   unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax . 
Just a reminder .  
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL .  I won't leave 29 million behind . 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina .  This is wrong and we're gonna change that . 
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color . 
Hillary Clinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches .  Aren't we better than that ? 
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very , very much .  DemTownHall
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , over 1 ,000 ,000 of them , 27 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street . 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  DemTownHall
My father is from Poland .  No one has asked for my birth certificate .  Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin .  DemTownHall
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .  DemTownHall
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle :  Real change never comes from the top on down .  It always comes from the bottom up . 
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans , regardless of income .  
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us .  FeelTheBern
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the promise of equality .  
When Bernie gets to the White House , he will do the right thing .  No flipping , no flopping .  - Spike Lee 
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country .  
I will certainly look into it .  - Hillary Clinton Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors . 
The more people get to know Bernie , what he stands for and his consistency , the more people support him .  
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all . 
New analysis from   Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada .  
It's   been 17 days , 16 hours and 32 minutes since Hillary Clinton said she would look into releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street . 
This campaign is about bringing people together .  We understand that when we stand together , there is nothing we can't accomplish . 
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors .  
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville , volunteers kept calls going strong .  Join us :   
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  BernieInSC
Here's   the reality :  the status quo is not enough .  We need real change .  And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins .  BernieInSC
Racism , sexism , and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about .  BernieInSC
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities . 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions . 
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide . 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America , not use these issues to promote division and hostility . 
I am very proud of the campaign we ran .  Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election . 
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward . 
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve . 
Nevada , please help us move the political revolution forward !  
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people .  They want real change !  
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American - on time and without delay . 
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans , but Social Security was right there with full benefits . 
ICYMI :  The Clintons , when they were in office , weren't exactly friends to immigrants .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   AmericaTogether
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  AmericaTogether
Welcome to the political revolution .  AmericaTogether
Questions or issues ?  Call our hotline :  AmericaTogether 
It's   time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .  AmericaTogether
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  AmericaTogether
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  AmericaTogether
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  AmericaTogether
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism , hatred , and bigotry .  AmericaTogether 
Under my health care plan , people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food , heat and shelter . 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract !  

Glad to hear HillaryClinton's   promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin . 
29 million Americans don't have health insurance .  31 million are underinsured .  That's   rationing .  Those are wait times .  DemTownHall
Every child in America , regardless of their family's   income , must be able to get the education they deserve .  It's   not a radical idea . 
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers .  DemTownHall 
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements .  
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same . 
It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty .  DemTownHall
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard . 
I voted against the war in Iraq .  I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East . 
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right , not a privilege . 
Businesses would save over $9 ,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan . 
We need to end prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain , in order to keep prison beds full . 
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store :   
Nevada , participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus :   NVforBernie
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy .  
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy . 
I believe when we stand together , when we share the vision that government should work for all of us , there is nothing we can't accomplish . 
This government belongs to all of us , not just a wealthy few .  That is what this campaign is about .  That is the political revolution . 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship . 
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make , not the government . 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty - the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth . 
When voter turnout is high , Democrats and progressives win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win . 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .  
Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color .  - South Carolina Rep .  Wendell Gilliard 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .  
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks , we'll need to be ready .  Sign up for a volunteer shift :  
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together .  Join us :  
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States . 
The Constitution is very clear :  President Obama has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices .  Let's   have a hearing and a vote . 
Proud to have the support of Peace Action .  
Paid family and medical leave , health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth . 
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .  When people come together and we reject division .  Register to vote :  
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  health care should be a right , not a privilege .  
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big .  When the people lead , the leaders follow .  
Civil rights icon and entertainer Harry Belafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America .  
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 history at this point in a campaign . 
Every year , the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans .  We must end this most revolting practice ! 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can't afford it . 
Happy Valentine's   Day from Nevada !  
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation .  I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail . 
Our campaign is funded by the people , others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest . 
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us .  That doesn't solve problems , it makes them worse .  BernieInNV 
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group .  
America is about standing together as one people , not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality . 
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did , and lied about it to protect their bottom line . 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable . 
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls . 
As President , I will make public colleges and universities free , and we're going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation . 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry . 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution .  BernieInDenver 
True freedom does not occur without economic security .  BernieInDenver 
Higher education is a right .  We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt . 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's   family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing .  
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability , but comes through continuous struggle .  - MLK 
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty . 
Tune in BernieInReno live here :  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs ;  1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions . 
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .  
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .  
It's   unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt . 
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse .  
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same . 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton's   Immigration Comments 
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers . 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows . 
I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend , and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy .  DemDebate
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense , which is the one major agency that has refused an audit .  DemDebate
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians .  DemDebate 
About 85 percent of HillaryClinton's   campaign money has come from large donors .  DemDebate
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  DemDebate
We need radical , not incremental , reforms in our criminal justice system .  DemDebate
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals .  Hint :  it's   on this site :   DemDebate
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people :  the United States .  DemDebate
The truth :  29 million Americans have no health insurance , 31 million are uninsured .  Only one candidate has a plan to change that .  DemDebate
We need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have got to be bold .  DemDebate
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change . 
In the industrialized world , the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty .  That's   outrageous . 
Banking should help our communities , not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy .  
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement . 
I am moved by the fact that our campaign's   financial support comes from more than 3 . 7 million individual contributions at an average of $27 . 
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities .  We need to raise the minimum wage . 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around . 
I'm going to hold a fundraiser right here , right now , across America .  - Last night , NH  
As President , let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will . 
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money , but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .  
Happening now :  Bernie on The View on ABC .  Tune in ! 
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country .  The people want real change . 
Never forget :  When voter turnout is high , Democrats win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win . 
The media says we're going to win but we can't take anything for granted .  Please , stay in line and practice democracy .  Every vote matters . 
We've leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections .  NHPrimary 
There is no bank that is too big to fail , no banker too powerful to jail .  NHPrimary 
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change .  NHPrimary 
Health care is recognized as a right for every man , woman , and child .  NHPrimary 
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt .  NHPrimary 
Voting for Bernie in the NHPrimary ?  Use iVoted and share this image !  
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home . 
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary !  
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch .  First votes cast in the FITN . 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
This is a people's   campaign .  
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families .  
Woah !  Big turnout for our GOTVforBernie rally at   
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street .  
We must increase the min .  wage to $15 , which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos .  VoteTogether 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods 
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives .  VoteTogether
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une .  Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones .  VoteTogether
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   VoteTogether
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer .  El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo .  VoteTogether
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .  VoteTogether 
When we stand together , we win .  VoteTogether 
To those who want to divide us up :  We're not gonna hate Latinos .  We're not gonna hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .  VoteTogether
Our job is not to divide .  Our job is to bring people together .  VoteTogether 
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation , not allow them to divide us .  VoteTogether 
Standing together , we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs .  VoteTogether 
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution . 
When it comes to supporting real family values , the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  FITN 
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all . 
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire .  GOTVforBernie 
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security . 
Things in New Hampshire are pretty , pretty , pretty good !  Help us win :   BernieOnSNL
Live from New York it's   Saturday Night !  BernieOnSNL 
Unilateral military action should be a last resort , not a first resort . 
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire .  FITN 
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia .  
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win .  
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .  Bernie2016 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs , homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street .  FITN 
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials . 
Remember :  this government belongs to all of us , not just a few wealthy campaign donors .  NHDems2016 
On our worst days , it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days .  nhdems2016 
Gov .  Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing . 
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying .  
I urge Sec .  Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security .  
Surprisingly , American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance .  We just don't get it .  
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters' ability to participate . 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes . 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .  FMLA23
Huffington Post :  Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life .  
On our worst days , it's   fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate .  DemDebate
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants .  DemDebate
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA , I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA .  DemDebate
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  DemDebate
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get .  DebateWithBernie
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  There are no excuses .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Lati s .  We must abolish it .  DemDebate
Fewer email questions .  More questions about protecting women's   reproductive health .  DemDebate
Experience is important , but so is judgment .  And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War .  The other didn't .  DemDebate
It's   easy to apologize for making bad decisions .  It's   harder to make the right ones .  DemDebate
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DebateWithBernie
I am pretty proud that we have over 1 . 3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  .  DebateWithBernie
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance - I am the only one on stage without a super PAC .  DemDebate
ICYMI DemDebate 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  I believe health care should be a right , not a privilege .  DemDebate
I don't believe in free college .  -
Bernie's   education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DemDebate
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's   rigged by Wall Street and that's   the problem .  DemDebate
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .  nhpolitics 
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of .  FITN 
We need to ensure that workers have the skills , equipment , and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy . 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  NHWorkingFamilies
We're proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's   support in Nevada . 
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change . 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .  DemTownHall
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .  DemTownHall
Change has always come from the bottom on up .  That's   what every major movement has been about .  That's   what we need right now .  DemTownHall
My spirituality is that we are all in this together .  When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me .  DemTownHall
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans , not a privilege .  DemTownHall
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan .  DemTownHall 
Tune in to the DemTownHall right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
Climate change isn't just a problem for the future - the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now . 
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  
Some other days .  .  .  
Of course .  There is no debate about this among progressives .  
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country . 
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq .  One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States . 
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one .  Honestly , it wasn't that complicated . 
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership .  They didn't have to think about it a whole lot . 
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street . 
It's   immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations . 
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration . 
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country .  Disproportionately African-American and Latino . 
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees .  It's   Wall Street's   time to help the middle class . 
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done .  nhpolitics 
In the year 2016 , public colleges and universities should be tuition free .  How will we pay for it ?  We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation . 
Last night , we began the political revolution not just in Iowa , not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation .  
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election .  
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along :  when we stand together , anything is possible . 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us  
Let's   be clear .  This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people .  CaucusForBernie
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .  CaucusForBernie
Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00 This is a people's   campaign .  CaucusForBernie 
Football is a spectator sport .  Democracy is not a spectator sport .  CaucusForBernie 
Together we can build a future that works for all of us , not just the few on top .  CaucusForBernie 
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  CaucusForBernie 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  CaucusForBernie 
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  Together , we will do that .  CaucusForBernie 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry . 
Let me say it loudly and clearly :  I believe that health care should be a right , not a privilege .  
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy .  Together , we're gonna stop that .  
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that can't get done in Washington .  Couldn't disagree more . 
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money . 
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth .  CaucusForBernie 
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low . 
Sec .  Clinton and I have differences of opinion .  Let's   debate those differences , not go around distorting records .  
Up next I'll be on ABC's   This Week and CNN's   State of the Union Tune in !  
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months .  The momentum is with us .  CaucusForBernie 
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana .  That is absurd and it is destroying lives .  
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout .  To get people involved in the political process .  CaucusForBernie
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families . 
Mankind must put an end to war , or war will put an end to mankind .  - John F .  Kennedy
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem , NH about building a revolution .  NotMeUs 
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  NotMeUs 
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , we will win .  If we are divided , the big-money interests win .  NotMeUs  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  NotMeUs 
If we stand together on Monday night , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  NotMeUs CaucusForBernie :  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  NotMeUs
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .  NotMeUs 
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  NotMeUs 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  NotMeUs
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process , we will not bring about the real change we need .  NotMeUS
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president , it's   about creating a grassroots political movement .  NotMeUs
The concept of the minimum wage , was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as socialist . 
It's   time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system . 
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D .  Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone . 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform . 
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the 1 percent .  
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
Instead of cutting head start and childcare , we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country . 
BREAKING :  Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world . 
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes , they actually got a rebate .  
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
I applaud state legislators for leading on EqualPayCantWait .  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap . 
A living wage should not only be fair , it should be equitable .  We must pass pay equity for women workers .  EqualPayCantWait
When we began we were 50 pts behind the inevitable Dem nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity , and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects . 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population . 
If we stand together , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  We can bring hope to the political process .  We can make real change . 
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty . 
People should not underestimate us .  Let's   rock the boat .  IAcaucus  
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process .  Change happens when we stand up and fight back . 
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin . 
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour . 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win . 
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value . 
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire . 
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates .  Hillary Clinton has not .  Why is that ?  The answer is obvious . 
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are .  iacaucus 
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day , we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate . 
We are the wealthiest nation in the world , but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top . 
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections .  Ordinary people don't vote .  We have an economic and political crisis in this country . 
Regardless of their income , we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all . 
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet . 
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support . 
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union , it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions . 
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic , civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes . 
We must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  BernieInMN 
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInMN 
Ready for a radical idea ?  We're gonna invest in jobs and education , not more jails and incarceration .  BernieInMN 
Speaking shortly in St .  Paul , MN .  There is a lot of enthusiasm out here !  Tune in LIVE here :   BernieInMN
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .  
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  BernieInMN 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work .  BernieInMN 
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  That's   wrong .  BernieInMN
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  BernieInMN
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person should not be living in poverty . 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace . 
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood .  Planned Parenthood is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded . 
Experience is important , but so is judgement .  DemTownHall
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction .  DemTownHall 
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemTownHall
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .  DemTownHall
I StandWithPP against those who want to take away a woman's   right to an abortion .  
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes . 
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers .  
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security .  This woman's   story was heartbreaking .  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law . 
The greed of the billionaire class , and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans . 
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis , NH .  fitn 
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short . 
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all . 
Physicians agree :  single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured .  
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .  
Under my administration , Wall Street won't be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products . 
If Wall Street does not end their greed , we will end it for them .  
If we're going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone .  I was out front on that issue . 
Hillary Clinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable .  We couldn't agree more .  - Jeff Weaver 
Join Sarah Silverman George Lopez Kevin Nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26 .  Tickets here :  
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .  Democrats win when the voter turnout is high . 
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure . 
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors . 
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy , the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it .  
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing .  
People are saying , How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires ?  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  We must lift the cap . 
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications . 
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America .  We can deliver change , but not by tinkering with the system at the margins . 
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  Welcome to the political revolution .  WeAreBernie
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet . 
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs .  nhpolitics 
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus .  Take a couple minutes and listen to John's   story .  
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be clear , it's   not a war that we're gonna allow them to win .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
I would expand initiatives that protect women's   health , access to contraception , and the availability of a safe and legal abortion .  Roe43
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade , resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment . 
I join with Planned Parenthood , NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women's   right to choose .  Roe43
As president , I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman's   right to an abortion .  Roe43
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v .  Wade guaranteed a woman's   right to choose . 
Despite major advances in civil and political rights , our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality . 
If Democrats want to win the general election , frankly , I think I'm the stronger candidate .  
What's   Clinton's   Secret Health Care Plan ?  
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise . 
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions . 
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road . 
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels . 
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days .  cc :  Hillary Clinton 
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Lati s don't have a high-speed internet connection at home .  They deserve a RightToConnect . 
We must do all we can to provide all Americans , especially low-income families , affordable access to broadband .  RightToConnect
There needs to be a path back from prison , including a restoration of full voting rights . 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  NHPolitics 
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us , not just the 1 percent .  fitn 
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption . 
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .   
ICYMI :  Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game :   iacaucus
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 .  It's   time to raise the minimum wage . 
Corporate greed needs to end ;  they're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans . 
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer , and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand . 
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not .  RightToConnect
Where's   Clinton's   Climate Plan ?  
I oppose the Bakken pipeline .  Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels , not increase our dependence .  
The debate is over .  Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded .  This planet is in trouble .  
It's   wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent . 
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues . 
I'll be on the Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show on MSNBC shortly .  Tune in now .  iacaucus
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process .  Our thoughts are with his family .  
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service to engage in basic banking services . 
If Congress continues to fail to act , as president I would uphold and expand the president's   action .  
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action .  
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country .  They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money . 
Must read :  The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3 . 5 Billion 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking . 
We need to look at addiction not as a crime , but a health issue .  BernieInAL
Health care is a right , not a privilege .  That's   why my plan will insure every American .  
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE to Cornel West and Nina Turner in Alabama here :   BernieinAL 
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say :  Enough is enough !   BernieinAL
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth . 
This country was built by immigrants .  I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed . 
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities .  We've gotta change that .  
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .  
Martin Luther King Jr :  This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  MLKDay
As we honor MLK , we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America .  
Want to get on the front page of the paper ?  I have to make some vicious attack .  I won't do that .  DemDebate 
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .  The New York Times 
If elected president , Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans .  DebateWithBernie
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights .  That's   why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act .  DemDebate
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
Where do the candidates get their money ?  DemDebate 
It's   amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science .  DemDebate
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DemDebate
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs .  DebateWithBernie 
We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  FeelTheBern
MedicareForAll will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade .  
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemDebate
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth . 
Bernie's   plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's   health over profits .   DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  DebateWithBernie
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities , including in training academies and leadership .  DemDebate
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation .  DemDebate
Polls confirm :  Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election .  DemDebate 
In 1988 , Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons .  DemDebate 
Our campaign is about thinking big :  health care for all , $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs .  DebateWithBernie
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically , socially and environmentally .  DebateWithBernie
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  FightFor15 
Before we head to the DemDebate , I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the FightFor15 and a union .  
MedicareForAll means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges . 
My MedicareForAll plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans , including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured . 
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my MedicareForAll plan .   
It's   time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   DebateWithBernie
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for .  FITN 
Streaming live right now discussing MLK's   legacy :   
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including china , an authoritarian country 4 times our size . 
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us , not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires .  
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents , it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids . 
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in . 
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans .  That cannot continue . 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy .  That will change under my administration . 
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking , investment banking , and insurance services . 
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world .  
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  The people of Flint deserve more than an apology . 
Because of the conduct by Gov .  Snyder's   administration , families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives . 
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign . 
Sanders Statement :  Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis 
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out . 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions . 
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress . 
And within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy . 
During the first 100 days of my administration , the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies . 
Under my administration , Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs won't go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government . 
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street . 
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud . 
As president , I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases .  KeepitintheGround 
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands .  We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground . 
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans . 
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades . 
So , yes , we are going to expand , not cut , Social Security benefits .  GOPDebate 
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  GOPDebate
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  GOPDebate
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering .  During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  GOPDebate
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign .  They haven't seen the polls .  GOPDebate 
Marco Rubio I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood .  GOPDebate
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's   income .  BernieInHanover 
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's   pay equity .  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government . 
We can live in a nation where everyone , no matter their race , religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality . 
In 2015 , a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago .  Public colleges should be tuition free . 
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking .  fitn 
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .  
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham .  RSVP here :   BernieInAL
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy .  BreakEmUp
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class , or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ? 
Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis ;  recklessness on Wall Street did .  -
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking   to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future . 
Flashback :  Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008 
Tune in to   on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .  
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together , we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose . 
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by banning the box . 
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American , regardless of income . 
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  Bernie2016
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a worker's   pursuit of happiness and economic productivity . 
We need to ban prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full . 
Healthcare must be recognized as a right , not a privilege . 
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible . 
Proud to have the millions of MoveOn . org members join our people-powered campaign .  Welcome to the political revolution .  
ICYMI - Joe Biden on our campaign :  
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .  DemForum
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemForum
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular .  We've gotta change that .  DemForum
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  DemForum
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all , single-payer system . 
If I am elected President , the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over . 
The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again .  - Jesus Chuy Garcia 
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home , we have the moral responsibility to protect them . 
If voter turn out is low , if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see . 
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country . 
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man , woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan . 
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people . 
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low , that many of their workers are on Medicaid , food stamps and in subsidized housing .  BernieInIA
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced . 
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street .  It is not the exception to the rule .  It is the rule . 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship . 
Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico .  
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders . 
I'll be on This Week in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation .  Tune in !  ThisWeek
We must also cap ATM fees at $2 . 00 .  People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM . 
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent . 
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn  
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  PPL1stSummit
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country .  We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent .  PPL1stSummit
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change . 
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn  
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people .  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  BernieInIA 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program .  BernieInIA 
We will win in 2016 .  Not just the White House and the Congress , but Statehouses all across the country .  iacaucus 
What we're doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings .  
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this ?  
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents . 
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process .  
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth , including china , an authoritarian country four times our size .  iacaucus
Here's   my pledge :  no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration . 
What's   fair is fair .  All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage .  Period . 
If President Johnson had taken the same position as Hillary Clinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare . 
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security . 
Just like Social Security , paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into .  Just $1 . 61 a week for the average worker . 
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth .  That's   unacceptable . 
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
I am confident I would win .  
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself . 
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese . 
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high . 
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from . 
What I've been saying loudly and clearly is :  We've gotta invest in more jobs and education , not jails and incarceration . 
Sanders' Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation :  
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  
We've shown what's   possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too . 
In my view , it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM . 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall .  
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable . 
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada .   
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity . 
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution . 
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
We need to take a hard look at the use of force .  Lethal force should be the last resort , not the first resort . 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  NVDemsCaucus
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution .  
Here is a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !  NVDemsCaucus
It's   not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  NVDemsCaucus 
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's   actions .  Solidarity in the fight for workers' dignity .  
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory .  I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people .  
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America ! 
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be very clear , it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
ICYMI :  Here's   my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they can't crash our economy again .  BreakEmUp 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
Join me for a special DFA Live conference call this Thursday .  RSVP here :  
But we have something they don't have :  millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system . 
Yes , Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them .  BreakEmUp
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement . 
In my view , it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating .  BreakEmUp
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions , independent from Wall Street .  BreakEmUp
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free .  BreakEmUp
If we are serious about reforming our financial system , we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators . 
Under my administration , Equal Justice Under Law will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans .  BreakEmUp
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  BreakEmUp
In my view , establishment politicians are the ones who need to cut it out .  Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks . 
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry .  I disagree .  BreakEmUp
Within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .  BreakEmUp
Here is a New Year's   Resolution that we will keep :  If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them .  BreakEmUp
In 2008 , the greed , recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .  BreakEmUp
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .  BreakEmUp
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States .  BreakEmUp
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .  BreakEmUp
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  BreakEmUp
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .  BreakEmUp
I support President Obama's   executive actions to make our communities safer .  
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .  BreakEmUp
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies . 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .  nhpolitics 
As a result of Citizens United , some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires .  Not me .  fitn 
I met a man who's   been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's   worried about his social security being garnished when he retires . 
At this moment in history we need proven leadership that's   prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country . 
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .  NHPSC
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages .  nhpsc fitn 
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .  
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas , not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful . 
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like . 
This campaign cannot be won by me alone .  That is absolutely for sure .  To win , all of us must be deeply involved .  
Virginia , join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week :  
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need . 
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .  
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's   happening in America .  
At the end of the day , the most important tool isn't a test .  It's   teachers who care about the children .  
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements .  fitn 
If I am elected president of the United States , the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end . 
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  fitn
While Bernie is in Londonderry , volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors .  fitn 
Q .  Why is my husband's   medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada ?  A :  Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists .  
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence .  nhpolitics 
We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices . 
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps .  fitn 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .  
SCForBernie is ready to shock some people on election day and win the 1stInTheSouth primary .  
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt , which allows billionaires to buy elections .  
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections . 
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign . 
Worcester , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInMA 
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .  
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented , who are frightened , and who are living in the shadows .  BernieInMA
I voted against NAFTA , CAFTA , PNTR with china .  They have been a disaster for the American worker .  BernieInMA
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body .  I disagree .  BernieInMA
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .   
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics .  BernieInAmherst 
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .  
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort . 
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's   scientific community is saying . 
Let's   better understand social and economic justice , tolerance , respect for all people and the environment .  
Let's   make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America .  
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear . 
As 2015 comes to an end , my family , staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a HappyNewYear . 
Together , we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember .  
With prescription drugs soaring , tell me how one gets by on $13 ,000 a year ?  The answer is :  they don't . 
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity . 
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system .  We can do better than that .  
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls , emails , and websites we visit . 
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent . 
I'm proud of this decision .  Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA .  
We have seen far too many people , often African Americans , who are unarmed , shot and killed by police officers . 
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system . 
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free , we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt . 
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans .  That is not what freedom is about . 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  IACaucus 
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old , can expect to live to the age of 92 .  A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78 . 
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 16th in the world in terms of broadband access . 
It's   important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world .  
We should be making it easier , not harder for people to go solar .  
We need a mass political movement in this country .  BernieInDavenport 
It's   unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies , while the bottom 62% don't receive any .  
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition .  
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS , but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare . 
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology . 
First snowy day in Derry , NH and out talking about ending inequality .  nhpolitics Volunteer :   
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors , we've got military families on food stamps .  Maybe we want to change that . 
To those who want to divide us up :  No , we're not going to hate Latinos .  We're not going to hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER . 
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder . 
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights .  I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society . 
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President BernieInVegas :  
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal .  
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .  
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us .  
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding .  BernieInVegas 
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division ,
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation , Nevada .  Up next on FOX5 Las Vegas BernieInVegas 
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right . 
If I were elected president , the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse .  
The truth is , the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress . 
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave .  BernieInReno
When Republicans talk about family values , they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood .  BernieInReno
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno , Nevada town hall .  Username :  Bernie . Sanders BernieInReno 
Next year , four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm :  Goldman Sachs . 
Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob .  - Franklin D .  Roosevelt
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer . 
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened .  
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory .  
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform . 
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare . 
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq . 
It's   time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing . 
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas :  
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency .  Why do we tolerate this ?  
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income . 
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope , a refuge for the oppressed . 
Merry Christmas !  
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent . 
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make national health care sound scary .  It is not . 
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records .  
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here , not cast them out . 
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do ? 
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America . 
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids :  
When they divide us up , they win .  When we stand together as one people , we win . 
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  School teachers and educators are real American heroes . 
If Congress does not act , we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families .  
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonald's   murder should be held accountable .  
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do .  
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  
I'm getting a very good feeling about Iowa .  Must read :  
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ? 
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America . 
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people . 
To rein in Wall Street , we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve .  
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world . 
It's   all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank .  NHPolitics Help reach NH voters :   
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up . 
We're gonna have some fun , we're gonna make a political revolution , we're gonna transform America .  Other than that , not much .  FeelTheBern
The second 100 days of the political revolution .  .  .  
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case :  
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America , I accept Wall Street not liking me . 
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows . 
I guess Christmas Eve was booked .  - Michael Briggs , Comms .  Director 
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment . 
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  And they've worked . 
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it . 
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole . 
Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win ;  Breaks Major Fundraising Record 
Corporate greed is rampant , and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer . 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .  
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .  DemDebate 
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate 
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH .  This is a crisis , and we need to treat it as a health issue-not throw people in jail . 
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Jessica Hernandez , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more . 
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemDebate
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  DebateWithBernie
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DebateWithBernie
CEO's   of large multinationals may like Hillary Clinton but they ain't gonna like me .  DemDebate 
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .  DebateWithBernie
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege . 
Bernie helped lead the effort against Bill Clinton who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class , the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy . DebateWithBernie
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  DebateWithBernie
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  Invest in infrastructure , not more war .  DemDebate
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  DebateWithBernie
I worry that Hillary Clinton is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be . 
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DemDebate
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup - $200 billion a soccer event , yet very little to fight against ISIS .  DemDebate
I voted against the war in Iraq .  That was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone . 
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  DemDebate
Bernie Sanders' gun record  ( 1994 )  
There's   only one candidate on stage who voted against  ( and led the opposition to )  the Iraq War .  DebateWithBernie
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics .  DebateWithBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  DebateWithBernie 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  DemDebate 
Make sure to add Bernie . sanders on Snapchat for updates throughout the DemDebate !  
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .  
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs . 
We can deliver change , but we can't do it by tinkering with the system at the margins .  We need a political revolution . 
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation :  DebateWithBernie .   
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it . 
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well . 
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
I'm on the phone now with George Lopez Click here to listen in --&gt ;   UnidosConBernie 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  Join us :  
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .  
I'm proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign . 
Brothers and sisters , let me thank the 700 ,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support .  
I stand with United flight attendants as 24 ,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract .  
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution . 
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .  
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime . 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money , not just on elections , but for control of our media too .  
My Iowa staff is doing a reddit AMA on Saturday !  Stay tuned for details . 
I am calling on all of us in public life , including my fellow candidates for president , and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred . 
If we stand for anything , we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism .  
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages , the Fed's   decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families . 
I voted against the war in Iraq , and that was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone . 
Tune in right now on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities . 
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill . 
Let us not forget :  This country belongs to all of us , not just a handful of billionaires . 
Fifth GOPDebate is over .  Like the first , not one word about income inequality , climate change , or racial justice .  The Rs are out of touch . 
Still waiting , waiting , waiting .  GOPDebate 
Hit mute on the GOPDebate and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system :  
What's   reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  GOPDebate
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates !  FeelTheBern 
A lot of talk about war .  No talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .  GOPDebate
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms .  GOPDebate
Repeat after me :  We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  GOPDebate
Pharma Bro's   Latest Move Targets Latinos .  Must Read :  
Greed is destroying our economy .  What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us . 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent . 
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1% . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street . 
It is absurd that one family  ( the Waltons of Walmart has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans . 
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class . 
Join me for a UnidosConBernie tele-town hall with George Lopez this Thursday .  RSVP here :   
When people get out of jail , it is not easy for them to find a job .  It is not easy to return to civil society .  Lives are being destroyed . 
This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa .  - Jeff Weaver , Campaign Manager 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies . 
deray mckesson We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore .  Read the new version here :  
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country . 
In my view , we need to invest in jobs and education , not jails and incarceration . 
What's   radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college ?  NHPolitics 
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty . 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  fitn 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work . 
  builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all .  Honored to receive their endorsement . 
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is totally inadequate .  We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country .  We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare . 
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail .  iacaucus
A future we can believe in .  .  .  
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for .  We have come a long way in seven months .  iacaucus 
Iowa , together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement .  iacaucus 
We must make sure that every veteran in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve .  iacaucus 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  iacaucus 
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .  
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues .  nhpolitics 
We are far from eradicating racism in this country .  
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well .  Time for real change . 
America's   Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority .  Must read :  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea . 
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign :   
We must work to unite families , not tear them apart .  
In the year 2015 , we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago . 
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day . 
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn . 
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant .  Period .  No excuses .  The Confederate flag on campus must come down .  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country . 
It's   time for a single-payer health care system in America .  Bernie2016 
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process .  Please go to  and become part of the political revolution . 
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege . 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government . 
I want kids whose parents don't- like my parents didn't - have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free . 
We can take one simple , basic step right now :  keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Sign here :   
We need , very clearly , major , major reform in a broken criminal justice system .  From top to bottom . 
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury . 
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour .  And I apologize to nobody for that . 
We bailed out Wall Street .  It's   their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free . 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids . 
In the last 30 years , there has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction . 
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasn't contributed a single nickel to the deficit .  Not a nickel . 
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to IACaucus day .  Join them :   
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont , New Hampshire .  nhpolitics 
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , 800 ,000 of them , 30 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street . 
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money .  I will break up these big banks . 
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate .  This is a people's   campaign .  Together , we will win .  
Let's   say it loud and clear :  Our government belongs to all of us , and not just a hand full of billionaires .  Bernie2016
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we are going to expand them .  We are going forward , not backwards . 
Instead of cutting Medicare , or privatizing Medicare , we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right . 
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  nhpolitics
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  TakeAStand with
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined :  
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control . 
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry .  The Veteran's   Administration does it , Medicare doesn't - that's   crazy . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All !  Click here to sign up :  
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race , gender , sexual orientation or country of origin . 
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices .  Pfizer already has a poor record on that score .  
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  
In an hour , I'll be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my Families First immigration plan .  Tune in :  
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
ExxonKnew about climate change before anyone else did .  Now , they're lying about it for profit .  Enough-we must put PeopleBeforePolluters . 
Climate change is an economic issue , health concern , and security threat all at once .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science .  Enough is enough !  PeopleBeforeProfits
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  PeopleBeforeProfits
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet .  PeopleBeforePolluters
It's   time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
We must learn the lesson of Iraq .  American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East . 
Happy Hanukkah ! 
PostalBanking is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders .  Join me to make it a reality .  Sign now :  
In NH , Bob , a veteran , talks with another veteran about joining our movement .  nhpolitics 
We are one world and one people .  And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering . 
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should . 
Why do we have people working 40 hours and can't afford to feed their kids ?  The answer is pretty simple :  wages in America are too damn low . 
I'll be on Face The Nation shortly to discuss the major issues facing America .  Tune in now on CBS .  
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose . 
It's   time for instant background checks , ending the gun show loophole , and banning assault weapons .  People don't hunt with assault weapons . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
We will defend Planned Parenthood .  Solidarity 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt .  
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class .  fitn 
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  
We're excited to have launched our new Snapchat Follow us on the campaign trail :  bernie . sanders 
We do not need a tough foreign policy , we need a smart foreign policy .  nhpolitics 
In these difficult times , against vitriolic Republican rhetoric , we must protect a woman's   right to choose .  solidarity nhpolitics
Maybe , just maybe , we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration !  fitn 
Packed house at Keene State University .  Tune in LIVE here :   nhpolitics 
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Keene , New Hampshire LIVE NOW :  
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies .  Solidarity
I StandWithPP and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .  Solidarity
Members of congress , mostly men I should add , are trying to roll back the clock on women's   reproductive rights . 
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check .  That has gotta be eliminated . 
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1 . 25 a day . 
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people .  The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails . 
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonald's   murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign . 
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world . 
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water . 
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population - 3 . 5 billion people . 
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars . 
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250 ,000 a year .  Must read :  
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity , it is an act of justice .  .  .  It is man-made and it can be overcome  .  .  .  - Nelson Mandela
Until we win single payer , we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer :   
Make no mistake :  The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women .  We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose . 
  for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us , not just the top 1 percent .  
We must invest in our public institutions !  We stand with   in their fight for a fair contract .  
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby .  
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision . 
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches , sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality . 
The amazing staff   can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire .  StandwithPP 
Democracy means one person one vote .  It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections . 
Rosa Parks , by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus , inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation . 
It's   absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them .  ExxonKnew 
In the world's   richest nation , we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford .  WorldAIDSDay
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet . 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows . 
We need to rethink the so-called War on Drugs and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act . 
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta , we had a good week :  
Congress does not regulate Wall Street , Wall Street regulates Congress .  Must read :  
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change .  New Hampshire , join the political revolution :   fitn nhpolitics
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low .  Democrats win when voter turnout is high .  nhpolitics
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS .  That must change . 
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed . 
I am running for president because we must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  JJdinner
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families , not just for millionaires and billionaires .  fitn
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs .  NHDPJJ
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change .  They don't want the same-old , same-old .  They want a political revolution . 
Tune in to the New Hampshire JJdinner LIVE NOW :   NHDPJJ
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .  JJDinner 
Let's   get big money out of politics .  NHDPJJ 
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors . 
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen , we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs . 
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare .  We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans . 
Remember :  this is OUR movement .  New Hampshire , join the revolution here :   fitn 
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare . 
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's   doing .  I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences . 
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income .  We can't leave 29 million uninsured . 
We proudly StandWithPP of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it . 
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads , bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment . 
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons , the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion .  BlackFriday
With a net worth of more than $136 billion , the six Walmart heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans .  BlackFriday
Corporations are not people .  
Walmart shouldn't be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid , food stamps , and government housing .  BlackFriday
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue . 
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .  
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  
We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence .  - FDR
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel .  And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries . 
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground .  Must read :  
Why are we told that it's   OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border ? 
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire .  I am very proud of our movement .  NHPolitics 
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonald's   murder .  
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right .  Let's   change that . 
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system .   
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows .  
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  Read my immigration plan here :  
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure . 
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote .  We must engage people back into the democratic system . 
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party - just one family .  That is oligarchy . 
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically . 
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue , not a criminal issue .  BernieInATL 
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInATL 
Dr .  King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans .  
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education . 
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution  
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :  
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world .  
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
I am running for one simple reason :  I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation . 
I'm not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad , but to rebuild America's   strength at home . 
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation .  
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal . 
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 under our plan for raising wages . 
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's   important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child . 
By providing Medicare for everyone , we can save the typical family making $50 ,000 more than $5 ,000 each year . 
We should strengthen and expand Social Security .  Read our plan here :  
We need police forces , including leadership and training departments , that reflect the diversity of our communities . 
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .  
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers . 
It's   very expensive to be poor .  2020Approach
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  2020Approach
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  2020Approach
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Walter Scott , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more . 
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue :  the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody .  2020Approach
Together , we can dismantle this corrupt political system - one phone call , one flyer , one conversation at a time .  
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American people's   desire for real change .  BernieInSC 
Disappointed that Hillary Clinton doesn't think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5 ,000 a year . 
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity . 
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists . 
Our grassroots movement is organizing , communicating , and connecting in communities across the country .  Join us :  
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows . 
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :  
We need a movement which , once and for all , will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system . 
The executive action taken by President Obama a year ago was the right thing to do .  It's   time to end the politics of division .  DAPAanniversary
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege . 
Join us Monday night in Atlanta .  RSVP here :   
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution and our religious freedoms . 
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed .  Justice4Jamar 
I'll be in South Carolina this weekend .  Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access .  
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  
One thing is for sure :  the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours .  And I am sure that if we stand together , we will win . 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !  
No President can take on corporate interests alone .  We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people . 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad ! 
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say , enough is enough . 
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution in this country , there is no limit to what we can accomplish . 
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed , but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone .  BernieAtGU
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that BlackLivesMatter . 
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  BernieAtGU
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity . 
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people , not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person will not be living in poverty .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free .  BernieAtGU
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money .  BernieAtGU
In my view , it's   time we had democratic socialism for working families ;  not just Wall Street , billionaires and big corporations .  BernieAtGU
This country has socialism for the rich , and rugged individualism for the poor .  - Martin Luther King , Jr BernieAtGU
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old , same old establishment politics will not effectively address it . 
LIVE now :  Bernie on democratic socialism in America :   BernieAtGU
We always knew we would be outspent , but we can make sure we're not out-organized .  Join our campaign :  
If we are going to end a corrupt political system , it's   going to take a movement who will rise up , stand together and say enough is enough ! 
Real change does not happen from the top down .  It happens from the bottom up .  Bernie2016 
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent . 
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans - fighting racism , fighting xenophobia , fighting fear . 
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats . 
As Americans , we will not be terrorized .  We will not live in fear .  
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric .  But we are a strong enough nation to say we're not going to lose who we are as a people . 
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  Join our movement :  
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1% .  It's   time for a political revolution . 
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine . 
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough .  This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top . 
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage . 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids . 
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education , not in more jails and incarceration . 
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the FightFor15 .  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage .  
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail . 
I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country .  Who said it ? 
The current immigration system discriminates against women , and has got to stop .  Women are often the breadwinners of families . 
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies . 
During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  We will not turn our backs on refugees .  
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men .  That is plain sexism .  
We don't want Wall Street's   money .  This is a people's   campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people .  BernieInTheCLE
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan . 
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers . 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections . 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship . 
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home .  
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country . 
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds ?  
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar , entonces es demasiado grande para existir . 
Now is NOT the time for the same old , same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family and medical leave to workers . 
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other - disproportionately people of color . 
I'm excited too !  RSVP here :   BernieInTheCLE 
Tune in to Face The Nation for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people , by the people and for the people .  
The political revolution is coming , baby !  Come with us .  - Nina Turner 
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies . 
It's   not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base , excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016 .  DebateWithBernie
We're relying on more than 1 . 5 million contributions at $30 a piece .  Join our movement :   
Wall Street plays by the rules ?  Who are we kidding ?  The business model of Wall Street is fraud .  DebateWithBernie
It's   hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .  
There's   only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right .  DebateWithBernie
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  DebateWithBernie
As a former veterans committee chairman , Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families . 
The disastrous invasion of Iraq , which I opposed , has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS .  DebateWithBernie
Leading the world , this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS . 
In the year 2015 , we should not be debating a woman's   right to choose .  
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt .  This has got to change .  
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest Nina Turner RSVP here :  
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer .  Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo . 
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's   supporting our movement .  nhpolitics 
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice , for environmental sanity and for peace . 
When we all stand together , there is nothing , nothing that we cannot accomplish . 
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap :  
We are very humbled to have the support of Nina Turner a strong fighter for the people of Ohio .  
Bernie walks the walk .  - Mark Dimondstein , APWU National President 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income .  MillionStudentMarch
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity .  This shouldn't happen in America . 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows .  And , that must happen sooner , rather than later . 
I'm listening to the BlackOnCampus conversation .  It's   time to address structural racism on college campuses . 
It's   not just income and wealth inequality .  It's   not just corporate control over the media .  The real issue is :  Who's   gonna stand up to them ? 
When the peace treaty is signed , the war isn't over for the veterans , or the family .  It's   just starting .  - Karl Marlantes
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country . 
The cost of war is real , and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country .  VeteransDay
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us .  
Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .  GOPDebate
We already have the biggest military in the world , yet veterans sleep out on the streets .  Will Republicans talk about this ?  GOPDebate
We will close the income inequality gap between the rich and the rest of us . 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government . 
Bike canvassing is one way our organizers in NH help reduce the use of fossil fuels while reaching voters .  fitn 
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I strongly disagree . 
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people . 
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security .  That is unacceptable . 
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  FightFor15
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country . 
Our organizers in Manchester are working hard to build the political revolution this country needs .  nhpolitics 
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights . 
We are the most powerful military in the world .  .  .  but we must understand that war is the last resort , not the first .  
I will direct my Administration to extend humane treatment and asylum to victims of domestic violence and unaccompanied minors . 
I will direct immigration officers to immediately stop initiating deportations against those eligible for relief . 
I will expand upon President Obama's   executive actions to provide broad Administrative relief to the parents of DREAMers . 
At a time when more than 60% of Americans don't vote , we must make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work . 
The American people are sick and tired of having more wealth and income inequality than any other major developed country on Earth . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
I will establish immigration policies that keep families together , not divide them .  BernieInVegas 
Our great country and our gov't belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInVegas 
People in Nevada and in the rest of America are fighting and demanding a political revolution .  BernieInVegas
We can , and must , be a nation in which we do not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major developed country on earth . 
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .  
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We have got to end this outrageous voter suppression which is taking place in dozens of states .  
Classifying marijuana in the same category as cocaine ignores the major issue .  
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  BernieInSC 
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change . 
Shop for union-made items in the Bernie Store and help fund the political revolution !  
I'm proud to have the support of all of the volunteers at our Bernie Camp trainings across NH this weekend .  When we organize , we win .  fitn
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
If the Republicans can't face a free election , they should get another job .  VotingRights 
Our campaign has the excitement and the energy to win in the South and all over this country .  DemForum
People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy .  DemForum
Back in 1988 , I said it is wrong in this country for people to be buying assault weapons designed just to kill human beings .  DemForum
Dream job :  President of CNN . 
I would not have run for president if I believed that establishment politics and economics could solve the problems we face .  DemForum
I said no to Keystone on day one .  DemForum
Our agenda invests $1 trillion into building roads , bridges and infrastructure to create or maintain 13 million jobs .  DemForum
We are going to invest in jobs and education for the kids of this country , rather than jails and incarceration .  DemForum
The Keystone pipeline victory is about millions of people demanding real change .  That's   what our campaign is about too .  MSNBC2016
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ? 
Anybody who is suppressing the vote , who is intentionally trying to keep people from voting is a political coward .  
The KeystoneXL rejection is a triumph for a grassroots movement that demanded the necessary and refused to give in .  When we organize , we win . 
Our new TV spot is narrated by someone special from House of Cards .  Name that voice .  
As a leader in the opposition to Keystone XL from Day 1 , I strongly applaud the president's   decision to kill this project once and for all . 
Exxon knew the truth about climate change and lied to protect their profits .  DOJ should follow NY's   lead .  ExxonKnew 
We need trade policies in this country that work for the working families of our nation , not just CEOs of large multi-national corporations . 
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country . 
Congress cannot regulate Wall Street .  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up . 
Now that the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership has finally been released , it is even worse than I thought . 
My friends , a political revolution is coming to New Hampshire and it's   coming to America .  fitn 
We cannot end DACA .  We must fight to expand this successful program to legal limits .  A president must be consistent on immigration . 
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of change unless a movement takes place .  That's   what we're building together .  
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program . 
We must tell the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are less important than caring for our planet .  
Every Democratic presidential candidate serious about addressing climate change should pledge to end fossil fuel leasing on public lands . 
The science is clear :  we need act to keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Let's   start with our public lands and waters .  KeepItInTheGround
The debate is over .  Climate change is real , it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems .  KeepItInTheGround
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
Like many other polls , the NBC/WSJ poll shows our campaign is the best shot for Democrats heading into the general .  
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people . 
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices . 
Democracy is not a spectator sport .  We must be truly engaged if we want to make real change .  Go vote .  ElectionDay
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
I'm not a great pitcher .  But Dylan's   going from t-ball to AA and in two years the majors .  
Tune in now to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC for a discussion on the issues facing working families in our country . 
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
In America , we have a casino-capitalist society in which a handful of very wealthy exercise enormous control over our economy and politics . 
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege . 
It's   unacceptable that , at every turn , huge companies use their power to cut wages , cut benefits and cut pensions .  Their greed has no end . 
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little . 
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder . 
I remember reading picture books of World War II with tears coming out of my eyes .  We've got to stand together and end all forms of racism . 
Trick-or-treating with my grandkids Sunnee , Grayson and Ryleigh in New Hampshire .  Happy halloween !  
Happy Halloween !  
As the largest and most powerful military in the world , we need to use military force as a last resort , not a first resort . 
We must stand up to the corporate interests and Wall Street to create a government that works for all people and not just the billionaires . 
Smile !  It's   time to take a selfie .  We're making some TV and online ads and want our supporters in them .  
The American people must make a fundamental decision .  Do we continue the 40-year decline of our .  .  .  
There is something very wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .  nhpolitics 
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change .  
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  Must read :  
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :  
The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana .  Must read :  
In many states , it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That must change .  YesOnProp1
I don't think that people should be making profit by seeing more and more people go into jail . 
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  
Although use is about the same , a black person is almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person . 
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent . 
There is something wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .  
Last week , I called on DOJ to investigate ExxonMobil to GetTheFacts on why they lied about climate change .  
At a time of rampant violence and murder , the State should not be part of that process .  We should abolish the death penalty . 
It's   time for the United States to join almost every other Western , industrialized country on Earth in saying no to the death penalty . 
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government's   list of outlawed drugs .  
This is what I think .  And let me be very personal here .  .  .  
Which one will the billionaire class choose ?  TheirMoneyTheirVote GOPDebate 
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana , but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted . 
We must do all we can to help the 3 . 5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico improve its economy and lift its children out of poverty . 
The reality is that since the mid-1980s we have seen the Robin Hood principle in reverse .  That is unacceptable and that has got to change . 
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth . 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s .  
Yeah , we can win .  
The American people are angry because they know the recession wasn't caused by the working families of this country .  
We're going to demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies . 
We have got to move in an aggressive way to move our energy system away from fossil fuels . 
The pharmaceutical industry , along with Wall St .  , is the most powerful lobbying force in Washington .  They never lose .  This has got to end . 
Tune in now to The View on ABC for a discussion on making America work for middle and working class families again .  
Private companies should not be profiting from the incarceration of human beings . 
A college degree is the new high school diploma .  An education should be available to all regardless of anyone's   economic situation . 
Eight years ago the experts talked about how another Democratic candidate for president couldn't win .  His name is President Obama . 
We can create a nation where every veteran who puts their life on the line for us will get quality health care . 
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .  
Bernie is the only Democratic candidate for president who does not have a Super PAC .  He is proving them wrong .  
What this campaign is about is standing up and taking back our government from a handful of billionaires .  IDPJJ 
While other candidates may have more money , we have the people .  Let's   show them what happens when we unite .  IDPJJ 
The American people understand that establishment politics is not working for the middle class .  - IDPJJ Rally 
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  IDPJJ 
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  IDPJJ 
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  We still have not achieved that .  
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people . 
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America . 
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ? 
I worry very much that our country , both economically and politically , is sliding into oligarchy . 
In the last 30 years there's   been a massive redistribution of wealth in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Unfortunately , it has gone in the wrong direction . 
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe . 
The people in Puerto Rico should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of investors can make even more money .  
We must take on special interests and act boldly on behalf of the American people .  
A couple of weeks ago , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government made a decision that will negatively impact almost 70 million people .  
We need an economy that works for working families .  
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .  
In the 1970s , Exxon's   scientists found climate change was real and potentially very dangerous .  Then Exxon denied it .  
The future of America is with our children .  How can we have a great country if we aren't educating our children the way we should ? 
It is time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free in the United States .   
What did I think of Larry David's   impersonation ?  Well , I thought it was pretty , pretty , pretty good !  
We must end outrageously high prison phone call charges and ensure incarcerated individuals are able to connect with their families . 
To address the serious problems we face we need nothing short of a mass grassroots movement .  Join me on October 28 :  
There was a time when higher education was pretty close to free in this country , at least for many Americans .  
29 million Americans still have no health insurance .  A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right . 
Tell me , future boy , who's   President of the United States in 2017 ?  Bernie Sanders .  Bernie Sanders ?  !  From Vermont ?  
At a time when the rich are getting richer , Puerto Rico now has more income inequality than any 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 state .  That is unacceptable . 
We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all our children .  - Vice President Joe Biden
I also commend VP's   outlining of an agenda to make college free , fight economic inequality , close tax loopholes and protect dignity for all . 
I thank Vice President Biden for his continued service to the nation and his support of the middle class . 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt . 
War must be the last recourse in international relations , not the first . 
I am a candidate who will take on the pharmaceutical industry to demand that prescription drug costs in this country are reduced . 
We need a progressive income tax so we don't have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses . 
It is time to create an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people on top :  
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of our people as a right . 
The racist signs against   in Lewiston have no place in our society .  
We are the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave .  That is an international embarrassment . 
We need to have one of the larger voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .  We need to raise public consciousness . 
At a time when 1-in-5 cannot afford to fill their prescription drugs , we need a president who will stand up to big pharmaceutical companies . 
If the middle class of this country is gonna survive , we need some very profound changes in the way we do business in this country . 
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change , the planet we're leaving our kids and our grandchildren may not be habitable . 
Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little ?  No , I don't . 
Our economic and political systems are stacked against ordinary Americans .  The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections . 
The fossil fuel industry is funding the Republican Party , a Party which denies the reality of climate change . 
New Franklin Pierce Boston Herald poll shows our campaign beating Hillary Clinton by double digits in NH :  
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  
Our job must be to expand , not cut , Social Security .   
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution . 
Best line of the night :   check it out .  It's   a mess .  DebateWithLarry DemDebate 
We must end programs that not only permit , but reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate . 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remains the only major country that does not guarantee health care for all as a right .  This is wrong and we are going to change it . 
As a result of the disastrous Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case , the American political system has been totally corrupted . 
We must demand that the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes .  Must read :  
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class . 
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad . 
ExxonKnew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet . 
Glad to see the The White House canceling Arctic drilling leases .  I've opposed harmful Arctic drilling for years .  
Our campaign is a People's   Campaign .  We don't have a Super PAC or rely on money from billionaires and corporations . 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills . 
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
BlackLivesMatter .  Those words matter .  
The latest data found that 22 percent of males in prison were Hispanic and 37 percent were African American .  That is unacceptable . 
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people . 
In my view , there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years , saw their wealth increase by $170 billion . 
The debate is over .  Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activity .  It is already causing devastating problems around the world . 
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ? 
Going to the big banks and saying Please do the right thing !  is kind of naive .  We have got to break up these too-big-to-fail banks . 
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires . 
It is wrong to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their families and friends . 
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and the proposals that effectively address those needs .  
I believe in a society where all people do well .  Not just a handful of billionaires . 
No Republican or anyone up here can address these problems unless millions stand up to the billionaire class .  
We need to rethink our criminal justice system .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie 
Under a GOP majority in the House , Bernie was called the amendment king for passing more amendments than any other lawmaker .  DemDebate
Ana Marie Cox Only non-billionaire candidate who does not have a super PAC . 
Bernie introduced a bill to tax carbon and transform our energy system - the gold standard of climate legislation .  DebateWithBernie
Our Q3 fundraising numbers are proof we can raise what we need to compete - and we're doing it without begging millionaires or billionaires . 
The only way we transform America is through a political revolution .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie 
Join the political revolution :   DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   legislation would break up too big to fail banks .  DebateWithBernie 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard . 
Right now , billionaires pay the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  Bernie would lift this cap . 
America should join Germany , Denmark , Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college .  DebateWithBernie
In the 1800s we made public elementary and high schools free .  Now we need to make public colleges tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
Clinton cabinet member Robert Reich compares HillaryClinton's   Wall Street plan and Bernie's   :  
Remember when Bernie led the fight in 1999 against repealing Glass-Steagall and deregulating Wall Street ?  DebateWithBernie
Bernie voted against the Iraq War - one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history DebateWithBernie 
I believe in a society where all people do well , not just a handful of billionaires .  -Bernie DemDebate 
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders ?  DebateWithBernie
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation with DebateWithBernie 
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  DebateWithBernie
We need a movement which takes on the economic establishment , not one which is part of it .  DebateWithBernie
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral , economic and political issue of our time .  And we will address it . 
This campaign is about the needs of the American people , and the ideas and proposals that effectively address those needs .  DemDebate
We must recreate our criminal justice system , but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration . 
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
Think big , and not small .  When we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish . 
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend us .  We are not going to turn our backs on them . 
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .  
I have opposed Keystone from day one .  The Keystone pipeline would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet . 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it . 
We will no longer tolerate CEOs and managers who intimidate or threaten pro-union workers . 
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2 . 2% of the nation's   wealth . 
Shamefully , the TPP would allow large corporations to continue to pad their profits by exploiting some of the world's   poorest workers . 
This campaign is about returning to a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  BernieInBoulder 
Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act - very important bipartisan work indeed .  
Join other Bernie2016 supporters in thanking   for his endorsement :  
I'm excited to be speaking in Boulder in a couple of hours to discuss rebuilding our middle class .  BernieInBoulder 
Five major reasons I opposed the war in Iraq :  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  
At a time when millions cannot afford the prescription drugs they need , we need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to big pharma . 
We will no longer tolerate CEOs who threaten to move plants to china if their workers vote in favor of a union . 
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  BernieInTucson 
We want police departments that look like the communities they are serving . 
We will not tolerate CEOs who fire workers for exercising their constitutional right to form a union . 
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class , we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country . 
My view is that a woman has the right to make decisions regarding her own body , not the United States government . 
Social Security has not contributed one dime to the national debt or deficit .  
Three major drug companies made $45 billion in profit last year .  That's   obscene when millions of people can't afford drugs . 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families . 
We need to move away from using war as a means to end problems . 
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake . 
Many Republicans claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  
It's   WRONG to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their friends and families .  Plain and simple . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
We must provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country .  We cannot turn our backs on them .  
In many cities all over our country , the incentives for policing are upside down .  
The TPP will make it easier for multinational corporations to degrade the global environment .  We must defeat it .  
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  TPP
Together we must end the distinction of the United States having more people in jail than any other country .  CHCI 
I am honored to be speaking at the CHCI Presidential Forum .  2015HHM 
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system . 
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy . 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment , not one which is part of it . 
The more we raise public consciousness in this country the better we do and the better our nation does .  
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers . 
The TPP wouldn't just hurt American jobs and lower wages .  It poses a major threat to our environment as well .  StopTPP
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions , not harder .  
Our campaign is the best suited to beat Republicans in key states in a general election .  
De cada cinco estadounidenses , aproximadamente uno no puede llenar su receta por culpa de los altos costos . 
New polls confirm what we've known for a long time -- we can win in both the primary and general elections .  
As a kid I learned , in many , many ways , what lack of money means to a family .  That's   a lesson I have never forgotten . 
New NBC poll shows we're a better fit to beat the Republicans in key swing states .  
Wall Street cannot continue to be an island unto itself , gambling trillions while expecting the public to bail it out . 
Wall Street and big corporations just won a big victory .  Now it's   on us to stop the TPP from becoming law .  StopTPP 
We need to demilitarize local police departments so that they do not look like occupying armies . 
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  StopTPP
It is time to stop letting multi-national corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense .   StopTPP
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again :  
We need to end the tragic reality that a disproportionate number of those who are in jail are Hispanic and African American . 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win . 
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement . 
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration . 
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve . 
I am asking people to be part of a political revolution to transform our country economically , politically , socially and environmentally . 
Boston , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInBoston 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity for women !  BernieInMA 
Let me be as clear as I can be :  I don't have a super PAC , I don't want a super PAC , and I don't NEED a super PAC .  
Bernie is that rare politician that says what he means and means what he says .  - Bill McKibben BernieInMA 
There is a lot of enthusiasm here in Boston , MA !  BernieInMA 
We must get private companies out of immigration detention and end the absurd quota on ICE to fill at least 34 ,000 beds on any given day . 
Looks like Springfield , MA is ready for a political revolution .  BernieInMA 
58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .  BernieInMA 
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests . 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change . 
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong . 
This campaign is driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination . 
All of these ideas , I knew in my heart , would resonate with the American people .  .  .  .  
What the Pope is saying in so many words is there is something very wrong in this world when so few have so much and so many have so little . 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders or anyone else .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people who are hurting . 
Women will live 12 years longer in Marin County , CA than in Perry County , KY .  The reason ?  One county is wealthy , the other is poor . 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together . 
We have got to end the tragic reality that the United States of America has more people living in jail than any other country . 
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt . 
That is the nation we can build together .  Join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top . 
The right has claimed the mantle of family values for far too long .  
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in . 
Change takes place when people , by the millions , determine that the world they see in front of them is not the world that should be . 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  Must read : 
Big sale in the Bernie Store !  25% off all orders with discount code Twitter25 .  Shop now :  
Every other major country on earth regulates the price of prescription drugs .  We don't .  That has got to end .  
Check it out !  Our friends Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield stopped by for a visit :  
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top one percent .  Corporate greed is destroying our economy . 
If we don't allow our opponents to divide us , if we stand together and are united , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish . 
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status . 
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
I StandWithPP .  These attacks come from those who simply don't believe women have a right to control their own bodies .  I disagree .  PinkOut
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  
The Establishment may not be happy to hear it , but this campaign is on the move - and on the road to victory . 
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right . 
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug . 
Unlike virtually every other campaign , we don't have a Super PAC which collects money from billionaires and corporations . 
In many states , it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That is wrong and must end . 
We live in the one of the wealthiest countries on earth , yet children go hungry and veterans sleep out on the streets . 
It's   time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty , not keep them in it . 
It's   time to end the morally repugnant practice that is profiting from imprisoning people .  - Mason City , IA 
Private prison corporations and their affiliates do everything they can to make a buck off people in prison-and their families . 
I'm profoundly disgusted by the racism addressed at the 11 million undocumented people in this country .  
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination . 
American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections or trying to buy elections .  
Congress does not regulate Wall Street ;  Wall Street regulates Congress .  But the time has come to say enough is enough ! 
We're not going to be breaking up families .  We're going to be uniting families .  
As President , my trade policies will break that cycle of agreements that enrich the few at the expense of working people . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .  
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly . 
Enough is enough .  
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  
Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit .  It is the most successful government program in our nation's   history . 
We need to provide a way out of jail back into society and we need to take a hard look at the war on drugs . 
We must provide legal status to the undocumented .  We need comprehensive immigration reform , and we need a path towards citizenship . 
There are some 11 million undocumented people in this country , living in fear of deportation and often exploited economically . 
Can't Jeb Bush and the GOP run a campaign without attacking African Americans , Latinos , Muslims or other people ? 
Pathetic .  Jeb Bush wants more tax breaks for his billionaire friends while cutting help for working people .  
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .  
We should expand DACA to include the parents of citizens , parents of legal permanent residents , and the parents of DREAMERs . 
Imposing an excise tax on health plans would be a disaster for millions of middle class Americans .  Must Read :  
This is a party whose ideology is way out of touch with the American people . 
It appears that even a conservative speaker like John Boehner is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House . 
America must defend freedom at home and abroad , but we must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action . 
If a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Period .  
What the pope has been saying in a very profound and deep way is that casino-type capitalism is causing devastating problems . 
We must hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable when they defraud the American people .  
I knew from an early age which side I am on 
I oppose tying comprehensive immigration reform to unrealistic and unwise border patrol proposals like the building of a border fence . 
In citing Dorothy Day , the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world . 
Join me on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on Pope Francis' address to Congress . 
The pope is right in saying all of us must address the grotesque income and wealth inequality we are seeing throughout the world . 
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West 
Thousands of people die every single year because they don't have health insurance .  But the media doesn't cover that .  That ain't big news . 
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must put an end to this shameful industry . 
We have the moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels .  
The United States is experiencing a major human tragedy .  We have more people in jail than any other country on earth .  
America is a nation of immigrants and we should pursue policies that recognize the value of our immigrant brothers and sisters . 
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans .  
Access to health care is a human right , and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs .  
The debate is over .  Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .  
Time .  .  .  seems to be running out ;  we are not yet tearing one another apart , but we are tearing apart our common home .  -
I'll be on All In w/Chris Hayes coming up on MSNBC Tune in ! 
In America , we should be celebrating our democracy and participating in the political process .  Register to vote :  
These organizing efforts we've seen sprouting across the country are nothing short of extraordinary .  FeelTheBern 
I'm glad that Hillary Clinton finally has made a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline and I welcome her opposition . 
I welcome Pope Francis to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  It is important for all of us to understand fully his call for social and economic justice .  PopeinUS
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians . 
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies . 
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 per cent of the American people .  That is profoundly wrong . 
This should not be happening in the United States of America - but it is .  Must read :  
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed , and the worship of money , is not what human existence should be about . 
Coming up next !  I'll be on the The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Tune in now .  
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody . 
Saw the GOP debate .  They forgot to tell us when Bush left office our financial system was on the verge of collapse .  
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country . 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war . 
We need a movement that takes on the political establishment , not one that is part of it .  
This is a people's   campaign and we will win or lose based on the support we get from working people and the middle class . 
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth . 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .  BernieatUNH 
People should be elected to office based on their ideas , not their religion or the color of their skin . 
It took us too long to overcome the prejudice against electing a Catholic or an African-American president . 
I am very disappointed that Dr .  Carson would suggest that a Muslim should not become president of the United States . 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
One of my highest priorities has been ensuring that our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned .  
We must continue the fight to strengthen the Postal Service .  
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people in our country . 
Instead of cutting benefits for our veterans , we must ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share . 
We have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who put their lives on the line to defend us .  
We will win because we are going to create an unprecedented grass-roots movement for real change in this country .  
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
We will win in 2016 based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .  nhpolitics 
I know which side I am on .  I am a proud progressive , prepared to stand with the working families of this country .  nhpolitics
Looking forward to speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention nhpolitics NHDems2016 
I don't support the agenda of corporate America or the billionaire class .  
Coming up !  Catch me on the The Late Show for an interesting discussion !  
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world . 
Private prisons are not cheaper , they are not safer , and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state . 
Over 125 Artists , Musicians and Cultural Leaders unite for Bernie !  See the list and join us at 
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections . 
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up . 
Let's   stop the racism .  Let's   stop the xenophobia . 
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree .  
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable . 
The American people are sick and tired of politics as usual and negative campaigning .  
Health care as a right is is not utopian .  It is not 'high in the sky' thinking .  In fact , every other major country already does it . 
We have got to end the private prison racket in America . 
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .  
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say . 
We take from the poor and we give to the rich - that is the Republican philosophy . 
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !  
Does anyone know .  .  .  when will this debate finally end ?  DebateWithBernie
What about the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United allowing billionaires to fund Jeb Bush and the others .  DebateWithBernie
Just what we need .  More neocon policies to continue the Bush legacy .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie Sanders That was sarcasm , by the way . 
Yup .  Bush was a great president .  Yes .  No doubt .  Great president .  All Obama's   fault .  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush - yes .  Let's   continue the great ideas that got us into Iraq .  Fine idea .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Okay .  Let's   vote for Reagan .  Sounds better than any of these guys .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
The American people overwhelmingly want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Too bad , the Republicans don't .  DebateWithBernie
Dr .  Rand Paul - wrong .  We've lost millions of jobs because of our disastrous trade policies .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of great inequality , there isn't one R on stage who doesn't think we should give huge tax brks to billionaires .  DebateWithBernie
Jobs .  Let's   talk George W .  Bush and trickle down economics .  When he left office , we were losing 800k a month .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Vast majority understand we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Is there any R who agrees ?  Will they discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Anyone on the stage , maybe just maybe , think we might want to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship ?  Anyone ? 
Rich get richer .  Median fmly income $5k less than in 1999 .  One of the highest rates of childhood poverty .  Any discussion ?  DebateWithBernie
Rich get richer .  Everyone else gets poorer .  And all these guys can talk about is war and defunding Planned Parenthood .  DebateWithBernie
Waiting , waiting , waiting .  Will we hear anything about racial justice , income inequality or making college affordable ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anyone on that stage believe the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies ?  Anyone ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anybody on the stage believe that our gay brothers and sisters have the same rights as the rest of us ?  Anybody ?  DebateWithBernie
War , war , war .  When do we get to their other major priority :  tax breaks for billionaires ?  DebateWithBernie
Can these guys talk about anything other than their desire to go to war ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will they ever talk about climate change as a foreign policy issue ?  Or talk about it all ?  DebateWithBernie
Gee .  How come these guys are not talking about the great success of Bush's   foreign policy and the war in Iraq ?  DebateWithBernie
Now we're really getting to the Republican talking points .  More money for war and confrontation .  DebateWithBernie
Kasich :  Let's   get to issues .  How about income inequality , climate change and childhood poverty ?  Think they'll discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Rubio knows California has a drought .  Will he have the courage to connect that to climate change or reject the science ?  DebateWithBernie
As a result of Citizens United , billionaires are now controlling our politics .  Will any R support the overturn ?  Let's   see .  DebateWithBernie
Live-tweeting the debate starting now .  DebateWithBernie 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
I hope Americans don't forget that when President Bush left office we were hemorrhaging 800 ,000 jobs a month . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
We stand with MoveOn . org against attacks by David Brock , head of HRC super PAC .  
When workers have unions , they have a clear path to getting health care , sick days , basic safety precautions , and better pay . 
It's   time to break up the banks .  Their casino-style gambling has helped divert 99 percent of all new income to the top one percent . 
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Some of these people have marched , incredibly , with the NAACP for a thousand miles .  JusticeSummer 
We are a few steps from Arlington Cemetery where people fought and died for democracy , not to make it harder to vote .  
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe . 
Overall health spending would go down by nearly $5 trillion under a Medicare-for-all program .  Plus we'd save thousands of lives . 
Virtually every campaign for president has a super PAC funded by millionaires or billionaires .  Not me . 
Our nation spends more than any other on health care .  We could be saving a lot of that money if we switched to a Medicare-for-all system . 
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .  
It is not utopian thinking to say that every man , woman and child should have access to health care as a right . 
We are going to fight tooth and nail Republican efforts to suppress the vote .  BernieInVA
We have got to recognize that the United States has a major jobs crisis and that is why we need a major jobs program .  BernieInVA
The Republican candidates are saying that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't have the right to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInVA
It's   a shame that we have more people in jail than any country on the planet - including communist china .  BernieInVA
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , and not to a handful of billionaires .  BernieinVA
Workers have the constitutional right to form unions , collectively bargain and participate in the political process .  
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war . 
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country ?  
It is harder , but not less important , to try and communicate with those who do not agree with us on every issue . 
Tune in for my remarks at the Liberty University Convocation here :  
It is important for those with different views in our country to engage in civil discourse .  
Too much attention is paid to political gossip and polls , not enough attention paid to the needs of working families . 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
Word of the day :  enthusiasm .  
We're going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  BernieinNC 
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right !  
There is a very profound disgust in this country at our current campaign finance system . 
The more people get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  -Michael Briggs , Comms Director 
We should not have more people in jail than any other country .  We should have the best educated population .  
War Should Be the Last Option :  Why I Support the iran Deal 
 .  .  . why I am opposed to giving the President a blank check to launch a unilateral invasion of Iraq .  Must read :  
It's   not a terribly radical idea that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BernieinSC 
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .  
What I love about brother Bernie is that he is a brother of integrity and honesty and decency .  - Cornel West 
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West 
I'm looking forward to discussing the major issues facing our nation with Cornel West this weekend in SC BernieinSC 
Looking for the latest campaign news , updates and progression ?  Visit Democracy Daily :  
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .  I plan to do just that . 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women doing the same work get the same salaries .  
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this country are not living in poverty . 
We are in need of a political revolution that says a billionaire class can't have it all .  Bernie2016
The crowd is starting to build up in Atlanta .  It's   clear to me that the message is resonating across the country .  
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States of America has gone up by more than 90% since 2002 . 
One out of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  
What democracy is about is knocking on people's   doors and sitting down and talking to them face to face .  
Wall Street's   greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since Great Depression . 
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward . 
We've gotta fight for a vibrant democracy , and for an economy that works for all people and not just a handful of wealthy people . 
The American middle class , for the last 40 years , has been disappearing . 
We have got to do something bold about college tuition and debt .  We bailed out Wall Street , now it's   Wall Street's   time to help us out . 
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .  
We have the lead in Iowa !  Help us keep up the momentum .  
I don't have a SuperPAC .  I'm not gonna take money from billionaires .  I don't want their money .  - on The Situation Room 
The United States and the world have to be deeply committed to trying to bring stability to these countries stricken with refugee crises . 
Tune in to The Situation Room now for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  
Not only will I fight to protect working families , we're going to build a movement of millions who are prepared to stand up and fight back . 
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Enough is enough .  This nation and its government belong to all of the people . 
Last year , 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it . 
What good is it to live in the richest country on earth , if so many of our people cannot afford medications that could save their lives ? 
Corporations should not be allowed to lobby federal , state , and local governments to lock up as many people as possible . 
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement .  iranDeal
If the American people are not prepared to fight back , the dismantling of Social Security could begin in the very near future . 
Those who have made every effort to thwart the diplomatic process , are the same who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq . 
I voted against the war in Iraq .  Sadly , much of what I feared in fact did happen .  I do not want to see it happen again .  iranDeal
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control . 
We must end the mandatory quota of immigrants detained and require ICE to improve monitoring of detention facilities .  
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security . 
We need bold change in our criminal justice system .  A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings . 
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy . 
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth .  
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :  
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it . 
A significant reason for the growing inequality in our economy is that the rights of workers to collectively bargain have been undermined . 
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world - by far . 
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  The current federal minimum wage is starvation pay and must become a living wage . 
Working people and their unions fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class . 
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top , while millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages .  
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country , and not just the 1 percent . 
It's   a beautiful day out for our Concord , NH campaign office opening .  
What makes our campaign different is we're doing this at the grassroots .  
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave to workers .  
This Labor Day let's   also honor the men and women who have fought for the rights of working people .  
The security and strength of a union job means that workers can have good pay , health care , and a voice at work . 
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
Against overwhelming odds , the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better .  
I believe that at the end of the day when people come together , when people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us . 
The only way we win this thing is when people come together .  They have the money , they have the power , but we have the people . 
Our job , as Americans , is to lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency . 
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet in a habitable way for our children and our grandchildren . 
Not only do we need to overturn Citizens United , but we also need to move to public funding of elections . 
Over 100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  100 years later we still have not achieved that . 
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago . 
Must Read :  This country is made of all types of people not just the billionaires . -   
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work . 
We must take corporations out of profiteering from jailing people across America .  
High gasoline prices have less to do with supply and demand and more to do with Wall Street speculators driving prices up .  Enough is enough . 
Being out on a picket line and standing with workers is something I have been doing for my entire life .  
The sounds of tribal music and drums filled a school gymnasium at the Meskwaki settlement .  
Everybody knows that's   greed and everybody knows that greed is destroying the United States of America .  
Capping day two of a beautiful three-day swing through Iowa at a town hall at Coe College in Cedar .  .  .  
When only the wealthy were allowed to vote , the trade union movement was successful in demanding universal suffrage .  
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :  
I'm honored to be speaking at the Meskwaki Nation Settlement to discuss the major issues facing our country .  
Before Social Security was established 75 years ago , more than half of our elderly population lived in poverty . 
A single-payer system will be good for the average American , good for businesses , good for workers and good for our overall economy . 
We're excited to welcome Lilia Chacon to serve as press secretary in Iowa .   
The American people must demand that their elected officials start protecting the interests of working families , not wealthy contributors . 
Political consciousness is extremely low in this country-that's   a simple fact .  We're trying to change that .  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty . 
A strong democracy - one that counts every vote - is fundamental to who we are as Americans .  - Larry Cohen .  
I support the NAACP's   call for justice .  The Court turned back the clock on equality by striking a key provision of the Voting Rights Act . 
Fifty years after the Voting Rights Act , it shouldn't be necessary to rally for our right to vote , but it is .  
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  I've talked to too many wounded veterans .  War should be the last resort .  iacaucus
People fought and died to allow ordinary people to make the decisions - not billionaires or millionaires .  iacaucus
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
People shouldn't have to go without the medication they need just because their elected reps .  aren't willing to challenge the drug industry . 
Each and every year corporations and the wealthy are avoiding more than $100 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes by sheltering their income offshore . 
Republicans know that if they speak up , their contributions from the Koch brothers and big energy will be cut .  
In my view , Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors . 
Establishment politics , establishment economics and establishment media simply are not working for the American people . 
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody . 
Keystone XL would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet . 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Endorse Bernie's   plan to take on Wall Street , break up the big banks , and restore sanity to our financial system .  
The typical middle class family has seen its income go down by nearly $5 ,000 since 1999 after adjusting for inflation . 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick . 
We must demand transparency from drug companies , who have concealed the true cost of their research and development .  
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .  
Supporters of NAFTA told us that this it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .  
Help Bernie Close the Gap in Iowa :   
Virtually every pharmaceutical company in America has either been convicted of fraud or has reached a settlement .  
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class that they cannot have it all . 
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .  
Tune in to MSNBC for a discussion with Andrea Mitchell happening now . 
People don't like the idea that politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Must Read :  Hurricane Katrina and Bernie Sanders :  From Neoliberal Disaster to 'Political Revolution' 
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .  
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We can live in a country where every parent can have quality and affordable childcare .  Bernie2016 
Breaking :  New Iowa poll shows Bernie gaining ground on Clinton and within the margin of error .  Visit 
The more Iowans get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  
Despite advances in civil and political rights , our country has a long way to go in addressing gender inequality .  
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations . 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life , that is not family values .  
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016 
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
The crowd going wild ten minutes before the speech begins in front of The Democrats at Dems15 .  
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Meanwhile , Wal-Mart pays workers' such low wages that many of them qualify for food stamps , Medicaid , and other forms of gov't assistance . 
Must Read :  NYT Editorial -Bernie Sanders's   Small-Beer Donors in the Big Money Casino 
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate . 
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes . 
We are going to practice Democracy .  I know , it's   a pretty radical idea but what the heck .  
Every man , woman , and child is entitled to health care .  That right exists in virtually every other major country and it's   time to join them . 
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America .  I intend to introduce legislation to do just that . 
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort . 
Since 2001 , nearly 30 percent of manufacturing jobs in this country have disappeared and over 60 ,000 factories have been shut down . 
Most of the jobs gained since 2009 pay low wages .  However , most of the jobs lost during the recession were jobs that paid up to $21 an hour . 
In my view , If a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .  Bernie2016
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  
Mothers must be able to spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks and months of life .  Must read :  
58% of the new income generated in this country from 2009-2014 went to the top one percent .  
The typical middle class American family made less last year than it did 26 years ago .  
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be . 
It's   time to expand Medicare to all Americans .  Bernie2016 
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies make national health care sound scary .  It's   not . 
To win the important environmental victories we so urgently need , it will take a coordinated grassroots movement .  Join us .  Bernie2016
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .  Bernie2016
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits . 
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself , benefiting only the wealthy while using our money to get rich .  That ends when I am president . 
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .  Bernie2016
This campaign resonates with Americans all over this country because we're talking about issues that deal with the middle class .  Bernie2016
We need a revolution in the way the United States fund higher education .  Bernie2016 in Littleton , NH 
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers , Goldman Sachs executives , or anyone else . 
The story of immigrants is the story of America , a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  As president , I will :  
Some corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes , while billionaire hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than teachers . 
Average female workers earned $1 ,337 less in 2013 than they did in 2007 .  We have got to change this .  Bernie2016 
Americans bailed out the recklessness of Wall Street .  It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class !  
Now is the time to think big .  BernieinReno 
Our tax system is wildly unfair - rigged to benefit the very rich .  Corporations earning billions in profits stash their money in tax havens . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .  
What we see across the nation , and in Conway , NH , is that this campaign is resonating with millions of Americans .  
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty , the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well .  
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance . 
For the past 40 years , Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth to the richest among us . 
In my view , corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars .  Bernie2016
Since the formation of our nation , the trade union movement has always led the fight to improve the quality of life for all Americans . 
Our job together is to create an economy that works for working families and not just the people on top .  Bernie2016
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
Happening now :  Town Hall in Salem , NH .  Bernie2016 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave .  
We cannot bring about the kind of change that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .  Bernie2016
When we think big we are thinking of America leading the world in transforming our energy system and fighting climate change .  Bernie2016
As president nobody will fight harder to end institutional racism and reform our broken justice system .  Bernie2016 
This is the nation we can build together .  Build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .  Bernie2016 BernieinSC
We must make sure that voter registration is automatic not just another hurdle for people to excercise their constitutional right to vote . 
This issue of childhood poverty impacts every race and we've got to stand together to change it .  
Voters ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  Bernie2016 
The time has come for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to join every major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all . 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple - that no full-time worker should live in poverty . 
I have introduced legislation that would make every public college in America tuition-free .  BernieinSC 
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  Bernie2016 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  Bernie2016
The time has come for a Medicare-for-All single-payer health care program .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only immoral , it is economically unsustainable .  
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life that is not a family value .  
A job should lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  Bernie2016 
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !  Bernie2016
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree with us .  Bernie2016
Most of the major Wall Street institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be . 
TBT to 1974 :  No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken .  
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance . 
Wall Street's   dangerous manipulation of our economy has helped divert most of all new income to the top one percent . 
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again . 
Wall Street's   greed and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since the Great Depression .  
Our country is in serious trouble , and it is up to us to stand up and fight back to launch a heroic struggle :  a political revolution . 
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself benefiting only the extremely wealthy while using our money to get rich .  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more wealth inequality than any time since 1928 .  Read my plan on reversing income and wealth inequality :  
We should be spending our money on health care and disease prevention , not on paper pushing and debt collection . 
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending unlimited sums of money electing candidates .  
We need bold changes in America .  We need a mass political movement .  I call it a political revolution .  BernieInReno 
Let me be clear , the federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and it must be raised .  BernieInNV 
It is time to break up the largest financial institutions in the country .  Bernie2016
It's   an outrage that women are forced back to work after giving birth simply because they can't afford to stay home .  
We must never , ever go back to the days when older Americans could not get the healthcare they needed because they could not afford it . 
I have opposed Arctic oil drilling for years .  Drilling the Arctic at a time when we face a serious climate emergency should be unthinkable . 
Scott Walker wants to kick people off of their healthcare .  He's   wrong .  We need Medicare for all , not a return to a broken system . 
I don't believe in the agenda of corporate America .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage .  Bernie2016 
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care than do the people of any other western industrialized country .  Bernie2016
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression .  Bernie2016
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would create 13 million decent paying jobs . 
We have to ask ourselves .  Whose interest is it in to keep undocumented workers in the shadows without the protection of the law ? 
We began this campaign all of three and a half months ago and the momentum has been nothing less than extraordinary !  
Yes , it would mean a real future for our families .  .  .  Depending on who's   next in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .  -McKibben 
There must be a path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadows and participate fully and openly in American society . 
It is no great secret that across the United States undocumented workers perform a critical role in our economy . 
We must end the absurdity of 2 . 6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay . 
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there . 
Supporters of NAFTA told us it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true . 
To truly empower our communities , we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people in this country . 
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back . 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street . 
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement .  Julian Bond was a man who dedicated his life to justice for all . 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people campaign .  - Cedar Rapids , Iowa office opening 
We must move towards a healthcare system based on providing quality care rather than worrying about the profits of the insurance companies . 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy , then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world . 
We must pursue policies that transform this country into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color . 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip or reckless personal attacks . 
Excited to be at the Iowa Fair Soap Box where I'll be speaking about rebuilding our middle class .  IACaucus 
As president , I will reduce income inequality by signing the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  
It is imperative that we stand together to create the kind of nation that we know we can become .  WingDing 
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president .  It is about creating a grassroots political movement in this country . 
Three months later , what has happened has blown my mind :  we have been generating an enormous amount of enthusiasm across America .  WingDing
80 Years Later , Republicans Are Still Fighting Social Security .  
Every single year thousands of our fellow Americans die because they don't get the preventive care they need when they should . 
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and create the political revolution that this country desperately needs . 
When families can't spend time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .  
This campaign is about developing a strong grassroots movement from coast to coast which says :  enough is enough !  
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family .  It's   a lesson I have never forgotten . 
We can live in a country where every person realizes the full promise of equality that is our birthright as Americans . 
It is unacceptable that Americans pay , by far , the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .  
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and we must invest in community policing . 
Across the nation , too many find themselves subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals . 
We have got to say loudly and clearly that we will no longer tolerate police brutality in this country ! 
We must make significant reductions in carbon emissions and break our dependency on fossil fuels .  
If we are going to have the best educated workforce and a vibrant middle class , Wall Street has got to pay its fair share in taxes . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 must to join every other major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all . 
We have got to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to lower the outrageously high prices of prescription drugs . 
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy . 
With the support of millions of Americans we can build a political revolution in this country .  Bernie2016
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America ! 
We are not going back to the days when women could not have full access to birth control .  
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed , we should be doing everything we can to create jobs . 
 dee_kater We've got a bill for that too !  
I have seen first-hand the impact of our broken immigration system in the tomato fields of Immokalee , Florida . 
We must break up too-big-to-fail financial institutions . 
These institutions have acquired too much economic and political power , endangering our economy and our political process . 
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all bank deposits in the United States . 
The six largest financial institutions issue more than two-thirds of all credit cards and over 35 percent of all mortgages . 
daveweigel We're everywhere , Dave ! 
In the United States , we have one of the most unequal wealth and income distributions of any major country on earth . 
Studies show that nine out of every ten Americans report that their happiest memories come from vacations .  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government . 
Many of those in poverty are working at low-wage jobs .  These are the people who struggle every day to find the money to feed their kids . 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard . 
Incredibly , Republicans have given huge tax breaks to millionaires while raising taxes on working families .  
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people . 
It is time to end the politics of division on this country , of politicians playing one group of people against another . 
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status . 
Let me say loudly and clearly - health care is a right of all people , not a privilege . 
In my view , if we are going to rebuild the middle class , we have got to make sure that Wall Street pays its fair share in taxes . 
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  BernieInLA 
Brothers , we need to stand with our sisters and fight for pay equity .  BernieInLA
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  BernieinLA 
The scientific community is virtually unanimous in that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet . 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street . 
We must create a political revolution from the ground up .  Real change happens when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough . 
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care . 
We must create a national system to provide care for every single American in the most cost-effective way possible . 
Health care must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .  Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care . 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt . 
We must make sure that Veterans get every benefit they served for and deserve .  BernieinPortland
We must move to a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  BernieinPortland
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet habitable for our grandchildren .  
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .  BernieinPortland
When one family spends more money than both parties , that is not democracy that is oligarchy .  BernieinPortland
In my view we have got to re-establish Glass-Steagall and break up the big banks .  BernieinPortland
It is not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BerniePDX
It is the tragic reality that in this great country the middle class has been disappearing .  BernieinPortland
Whoa !  This is an unbelievable turnout .  This is the largest crowd so far .  Tune in LIVE now :  
Portland is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  Tune in LIVE here :   
The Supreme Court's   2013 decision gutting the Voting Rights Act was a shameful step backward . 
Great job to everyone on the IAcaucus team !  
The vast majority of Americans want to raise the minimum wage .  We must raise it to a livable wage of $15 per hour over the next few years . 
Policies to fight the types of violence waged against communities of color :  physical , political , legal and economic :  
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .  
I supported the Voting Rights Advancement Act to prevent states with a history of voting discrimination from suppressing political rights . 
I am a supporter of the DREAM Act , which would offer permanent residency and eventual citizenship to children who were brought to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 . 
I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street .  In truth , it is the other way around . 
It's   incumbent upon us to give the agreement a chance to succeed .  That is why I will support the iran agreement .  
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
Tune in to Face The Nation this Sunday for a discussion on the iran agreement and other issues facing our country .  
We cannot and must not shirk the historic role of the United States as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution . 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them . 
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
In my view , Wall Street is too large and powerful to be reformed .  The huge financial institutions must be broken up .  
It's   over .  Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt .  That's   why the Rs are so out of touch . 
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say . 
Pope Francis says climate change is one of the great crises we face .  I'm waiting for one word from Fox and the Rs on it .  DebateWithBernie
BTS live-tweeting the DebateWithBernie .  
GOP agenda :  more money for military , tax breaks for the rich , cuts to Social Security and programs for working families .  DebateWithBernie
What I'm hearing so far :  tax breaks for the rich , more people losing health insurance and more talk about war .  This is not what we need . 
Does any Republican agree with the majority of Americans who now strongly support gay rights and same-sex marriage ?  DebateWithBernie
Millions of Americans are struggling with horrendous student debt + high interest rates .  Do the Rs have anything to say ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs discuss criminal justice reform and the need to end police killing of unarmed African-Americans ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox talk about outrageous GOP voter suppression and the undermining of the Voting Rights Act ?  VRA50 DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs talk about pay equity for women workers who make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Waiting .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of massive inequality , does any R think the wealthy and large corporations should pay a nickel more in taxes ?  DebateWithBernie
Social Security can pay every penny owed for next 18 yrs .  Lift the cap on taxable income and it'll be solvent for decades .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker repeal Obamacare .  Throw millions of more people off of their health insurance .  Great idea .  DebateWIthBernie
Carson talks about the debt .  Hey Dr .  Carson .  .  .  the Rs forgot to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .  $6-8 trillion on the credit card . 
Check it out .  How many of the candidates on the stage have super PACs funded by millionaires and billionaires ?  DebateWIthBernie
Huckabee and Carson :  more tax breaks for billionaires , higher taxes for working families .  DebateWithBernie
Fox's   great idea .  Climate change is the great global environmental crisis , but they want to cut or destroy the EPA .  DebateWithBernie
Some of us didn't believe Bush and Cheney on Iraq .  We voted NO .  That was the right vote .  DebateWithBernie
The clock is ticking .  Climate change ?  Income inequality ?  Citizens United ?  Waiting for the questions and the discussion .  DebateWithBernie
Who would've believed it ?  Dr .  Rand Paul is right .  Yes we can fight terrorism and protect the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Constitution .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker listened to the American people on immigration .  Really ?  Most Americans want a path to citizenship .  DebateWithBernie
Marco Rubio is right .  The people are frustrated .  The rich get much richer and everyone else is getting poorer .  Will the Rs talk about this ? 
Kasich saved Ohio's   economy !  Oh .  Who was the president who helped lower unemployment and create millions of new jobs ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will Fox ask if it's   appropriate for billionaires to buy elections ?  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Oh .  It was just a movie trailer .  GOPDebate DebateWithBernie
Does any GOPer care about whether or not a woman , rather than the gov't , should make decisions regarding her own body ?  DebateWithBernie
Will any Republican talk about the need to raise the current starvation minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour ?  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush has a lot of respect for his brother George W .  Really ?  Let's   not forget the virtual collapse of our economy when he left office . 
Will the GOPers talk about why the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all as a right ?  DebateWithBernie
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ? 
Let's   see what questions Fox will ask .  Will they talk about the disastrous Citizen United decision that allows the rich to buy elections ? 
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves , standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy . 
The 2016 presidential election will be the first in 50 years where voters won't have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act .  VRA50
Despite the central role they play in our economy , undocumented workers are reviled by many for political gain and shunted into the shadows . 
I agree .  We are committed to making registering to vote as easy as possible .  .  .  -   
In America , everybody who is eligible to vote is entitled to vote .  That is American democracy .  VR50 
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process . 
The average chief executive in America now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker .  
We must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and leave a habitable planet for our grandchildren .  
A single-payer system will expand employment opportunities and lift a weight off of businesses encumbered by employee health expenses . 
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is the struggle of a lifetime .  Our time to fight is now .  
Is it morally appropriate that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1% ? 
Open to all Americans over 65 years of age , Medicare has been a resounding success since its introduction 48 years ago . 
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program . 
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and to take on the wealthy special interests that wield so much power . 
Much of the corporate media is prepared to discuss everything except the most important issues facing our country . 
Real change takes place when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough , and create a political revolution from the ground up . 
Is our democracy being destroyed when one family can spend $900 million to buy elections ? 
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery . 
The wealthiest 14 people in this country increased their wealth in two years by more than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans . 
Instead of trying to take away health care from women , we should be trying to provide family and medical leave to all of our families . 
We actually need a heck of a lot more than $3 per person for women's   health care , Jeb Bush 
Creating a simple system with one payer covering all Americans would result in an enormous reduction in administrative expenses . 
July 29 proved that we have the people and that we're organized .  Here's   a short video of history in the making :  
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill .  
While insurance and drug companies make huge profits , Americans spend more and get less than people from any other nation . 
We must make college affordable so that every qualified American can get the education they need to reclaim the American dream . 
We must create a national health care system that provides quality health care for all in the most cost-effective way possible . 
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy . 
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents . 
Maybe for once Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet .  
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media . 
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free . 
Where people have no work , where folks have no health insurance , that's   where we should be , including Louisiana .  
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income . 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve . 
Now is not the time for the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .  
We must move forward in ending our dependence on fossil fuel and move toward energy efficiency and renewable energy .  
I will introduce legislation which will allow people to run for office without having to beg money from the wealthy .  
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty . 
ICYMI :  This past Friday at Natl Urban League we need some new thinking .  
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people , not for hunting , should not be sold in America . 
Let's   defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement .  
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families .  That has got to change . 
LIVE on Periscope 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of Friends of the Earth one of the great environmental organizations in the world .  
Health care is a right , not a privilege . 
It's   an outrage that millions of women in this country are forced back to work after giving birth .  
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections . 
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police . 
The only way forward , to bring forth a progressive agenda , is to have the American people mobilized . 
We are building a strong grassroots movement together , and people should not underestimate us .  
For the last 40 years , there has been a massive attack by corporate America against the middle class .  
We've got to change our trade policies , so companies aren't shutting down here and moving abroad . 
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who's   involved in domestic abuse situations . 
Inspired by the activists standing up to Shell in Portland and Seattle .  We cannot address climate change and drill in the Arctic .  ShellNo
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's   health . 
If we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish for our great country .  
I have introduced legislation that would make every every public college and university tuition-free .  
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish . 

The only way we take on the Koch brothers is when we put together a strong grassroots movement of millions and millions of people . 
I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone pipeline , which moves us exactly in the wrong direction . 
It is time that we bring about a fundamental transformation of the American health care system .  
We need to make government work for all the people , not just the 1 percent . 
When I hear politicians like Jeb Bush talking about phasing out Medicare , that ain't gonna happen .  We're not going back .  Medicare4All
It is time to expand Medicare to every man and woman in America .  Medicare4All 
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors . 
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on campaign .  Bernie2016
Our West Coast stream is up .  Tune in to  now .  Bernie2016
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on our campaign .  Bernie2016
We need to educate , organize and mobilize the working families of our country to stand up for their rights . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation . 
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well . 
Most of the new jobs that are being created are part-time and low wage .  And that wage remains at the starvation level of $7 . 25 per hour . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it . 
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose the pipeline .  
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
Now is the time to alter our government .  No more excuses .  We must all become involved in the political process . 
Judith is ready for her MN Bernie2016 organizing meeting .  Attend a local event on Wednesday :   
Our opponents have the billionaires on their side , but we have the people .  Attend an organizing meeting on Wednesday :  
We need a new approach to trade , an approach which benefits the working families of our country .  
The scientific community is clear :  Global warming is real and it is caused by human activity . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it . 
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , a lesson I have never forgotten .  
Some people told me Louisiana was a conservative state .  I guess not .   
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .  
We need to bring back Glass-Steagall legislation .   
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century .  This is catastrophic . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
I ask them not to yield to an economic model which is idolatrous , which needs to sacrifice human lives on the altar of money .  .  Pope Francis
Tune in to Meet the Press for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  Check local listings for air time .  
No person should have to worry that a routine interaction with law enforcement will end in violence or death .  SCLC 
People of color are afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .  SCLC
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr SCLC
A progressive estate tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality . 
In addition to busting up the big trusts of his time , President Theodore Roosevelt fought for the creation of a progressive estate tax . 
We must convince low-income workers that voting can raise the national minimum wage to a living wage . 
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  They have worked . 
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people . 
Billionaires like the Koch brothers and others should not be able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns . 
This is what a rigged economic system looks like .  
We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work and to raise wages .  fightfor15 
The American people must demand the White House start protecting the interests of working families , not just wealthy campaign contributors . 

I hope it's   clear how dire it is for millions of people working full time yet living in poverty .  We have a moral obligation to help them . 
Our goal should be to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all Americans .  
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need . 
We must launch a political revolution that engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change . 
Climate change threatens the planet , and we have a major political party denying its reality . 
I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of the Equality Act .  These protections are long overdue .  EqualityForward
Giving up is not an option if we want to prevent irreparable harm to our planet . 
The corporate media spends enormous time and energy diverting our attention away from the most important issues facing us . 
Despair is not an option if we care about our kids and grandchildren . 
Our criminal justice system is out of control .  
It would be very hard to imagine a white middle class woman being treated in the same way as Sandra Bland was . 
Our political system is dominated by billionaire campaign contributors and their lobbyists and is moving us in the direction of oligarchy . 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills . 
In the year 2015 , a job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  
The ACA has made modest improvements in American health care since it took effect .  But it is not enough .  
This country is in serious trouble .  Our economic system benefits the rich and large corporations and leaves working families behind . 
Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the social safety net , but we must expand benefits for those in need . 
 buckarooholiday We are going to put the justice back in justice system and prosecute the perpetrators . 
This type of police abuse has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it must stop .  -B 
Iowans at Independence Day gatherings show off their Bernie 2016 signs and talk about the important issues in 2016 .  
Warren Buffet has pointed out the unfairness of the fact that he , a multibillionaire , pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary . 
We need a tax system that is fair and progressive . 
We'll be there 8/14 in Clear Lake , Iowa !  MT   Tickets selling faster than anticipated .  .  .  Get tickets now !  
It's   disgraceful that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .  This must end . 
It is absurd that in 1952 corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while in 2014 they provided 11 percent . 
It is fiscally irresponsible that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 loses about $100 billion a year because corporation stash their profits in the Cayman Islands . 
In my view , we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets . 

Nothing will get done unless millions of people stand up and roundly proclaim enough is enough . 
Supporters have created more than 1 ,500 organizing meetings on July 29th .  Get involved by hosting or attending here :  
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
They are all heroes .  
In terms of income , 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent .  This is what a rigged economic system looks like . 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home . 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .  
Sandra Bland , Eric Garner , Freddie Gray and too many others . 
We must make sure that every person who has the ability can get a good education , regardless of their family income .  
We have a long way to go to overcome racism in this country . 
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ? 
We should be providing jobs and education for our kids rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration . 
Our largest turnout yet in Phoenix .  
Got questions for our town hall at Netroots Nation ?  Tweet them using NN15TownHall . 
Are we comfortable with an American political system which is being dominated by a handful of billionaires ? 
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties combined that is not democracy , that is oligarchy .  IDPHOF
No president , not even the best one , can bring about the changes that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution . 
American workers are being denied a benefit that workers in every other advanced economy already enjoy :  10 days of paid vacation time . 
Backstage at the   Hall of Fame dinner .  
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans . 

The function of banking should be to provide affordable loans to businesses to create jobs . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  That is not a family value .  
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
The enormous concentration of ownership within the financial sector is hurting the middle class and damaging the economy . 
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of Americans . 
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  Enough is enough ! 
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  It is not acceptable that women receive less than their male counterparts doing the same job . 
The best way to expand the economy is to raise wages and create good jobs to increase the purchasing power of the American people . 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to gay rights .  
More people have contributed to our campaign than to any other presidential candidate , Democrat or Republican .  I am humbled by this support . 
We must do a lot more to rebuild the middle class , check corporate greed and make our economy work again for working families . 
Corporations must stop manipulating their shares to reward their executives and billionaire shareholders through the use of stock buybacks . 
Corporations have mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns making it harder for workers to collectively bargain for decent wages and benefits . 
We must continue and expand our efforts to be national leaders in the fight for gender equality . 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about support for abstinence-only education .  
With turnout projections mounting , the location of Saturday's   rally in Phoenix has been changed .  To RSVP go to 
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home . 
I want to create millions of jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and i've introduced legislation to do that . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :  
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward . 
The fact is that the middle class of this country continues its 40-year decline , people are working longer hours for lower wages . 
Our free and open Internet has made invaluable contributions to democracy both here in the United States and around the world . 
40 percent of American workers aren't even eligible for family and medical unpaid leave .  
The iranDeal is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling and could keep us from being drawn into another never-ending war . 
The American people understand that establishment economics are not working for the middle class .  They want real change . 
We need a mass grassroots movement that says we're involved and we're organized .  
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them . 
I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour .  A majority of the American people want to do that . 
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and in a loud and clear voice we say no to racism and bigotry . 
When Republicans use the term they're usually talking about things like denying a woman's   right to choose .  
Ordinary people are profoundly disgusted with the fact that the middle class is being destroyed and income going to the top 1 percent . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :  
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to contraception .  
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .  
The American people say overwhelmingly that we have to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on contributions . 
Sanders Economic Agenda Puts Spotlight on Poor and Collapsing Middle Class :  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year . 
 jchaltiwanger May the force be with us . 
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans . 
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system .  It cannot be ignored . 
The American people are disgusted with the degree that billionaires are able to buy elections .  
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices . 
I supported the president's   executive action on immigration-I think that was a good step .  But we have to push harder . 
Do people know that in many countries throughout Europe , public colleges and universities are either tuition-free or very inexpensive ? 
We are forcing the system to start dealing with the real issues facing the middle class and working families .  

Do the American people even know that we're the only major Western industrialized country that doesn't guarantee health care for all ? 
If anyone thinks that the kind of police brutality that we're seeing now is something new , they are sorely mistaken . 
There is nothing more important than leaving this country , and this planet , habitable for our kids and grandchildren .  
The biggest political problem facing this country is that we don't discuss the serious issues facing this country .  
The flag belongs in a museum .  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war . 
America is not supposed to be a country where 99 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
What we need now is an economy that provides decent wages and income for the middle class , not demands that people work even longer hours . 
This campaign is not only about winning elections , it is about transforming America .  
Our job , in this moment , is not to think small .  The United States must lead the world in fighting climate change .  
All over America , people are becoming involved in our campaign because they want change .  Real change !  That's   what this campaign is about . 
In Great Britain , new mothers get 40 weeks of paid leave .  70 percent of countries offer paid leave to new fathers as well . 

Low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices and among the most vulnerable to the perils of a changing climate . 
Must read from Washington Post Missing the whole Bernie Sanders point 
Let's   say it loud and clear :  women controls their bodies , not the government . 
Catch up on our exciting weekend in the Granite State !  
When Roosevelt ran for reelection , he welcomed the hatred of what he called the economic royalists .  I'm prepared to do that as well . 
I think the discontent of the American people is far , far greater than the pundits understand . 
When workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work , productivity goes up and employees are more satisfied with their jobs . 
Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment , it will create good paying jobs . 
I strongly believe Puerto Rico should be afforded the same bankruptcy protections that exist for municipalities across the United States . 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable , and unforgivable . 
Talked to Reverend Al Sharpton last night on   about our campaign's   momentum and message :  
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .  
I would like as many debates as possible , and I would also like to break new ground and have debates with Republicans and Democrats . 
From ME to CA , the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics aren't working for the middle class . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
I am asking Americans from across the country to come together for a series of conversations .  Join us on July 29 .  
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ? 
Medicare is more cost-effective than private insurers , and could serve as the foundation for a single-payer system .  
I applaud the people of Greece for saying 'no' to more austerity for the the poor , the children , the sick and the elderly . 
Even when working Americans face a serious disease like cancer , they have no guarantee of paid sick leave .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
We must move away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy .  
Of 182 nations that do provide paid leave , more than half guarantee at least 14 weeks off .  
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
Our contingent in the Waukee , Iowa Fourth of July parade .  Bernie2016 
Why must many older Americans be forced to choose between paying for food , shelter , or medical care ? 
TeamBernie getting ready to march in Ames , Iowa !  
College tuition is free in Germany , even for citizens of other countries .  It's   also free in Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Ireland and Mexico . 
We have the moral obligation to do everything humanly possible to defend those men and women who defended us .  
Wow !  2 ,300+ came out for our town meeting in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  Largest turnout in Iowa for any single candidate .  
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 

We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices . 
A full house and then some at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake , Iowa !  
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than any other major industrialized nation . 
Why are we so far behind so many other countries when it comes to meeting the needs of working families and the American middle class ? 
It's   standing room only for our town meeting in Sioux City , Iowa this evening !  
Why can't every American who is qualified get a higher education , regardless of family income ? 
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote . 
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax . 
When the people stand together , we can win .  
At the end of the day they may have the money , but we have the people and when the people stand together we can win .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Rochester , MN 
We need to create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires .  
I applaud the president for continuing to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba , just like most of the rest of the world . 
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years , Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth . 
TPP would expand the profits of big drug companies , keep drug prices artificially high and leave millions without access to lifesaving drugs . 
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth . 
Let me be clear .  Nothing is going to happen , unless we have the courage to take on the billionaire class . 
Why can't we have the lowest rate of childhood poverty in America instead of the highest ?  
 LoganAyrton Hi Logan , we're really sorry to hear that .  Please give our store a call at 802-363-6099 . 
If we stand together , we will win .  
This overdue change means businesses will no longer be able to shirk their responsibility to pay fair wages .  
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :  
The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 40 percent . 
Not too many people voted against DOMA in 1996 .  I did .  And because of a grassroots movement for gay rights , public consciousness changed . 
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment . 
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .  
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
The scientific community has been extremely clear .  We must take bold action to address climate change .  
Another great crowd in Laconia , New Hampshire as 400 turn out for our town meeting .  
More than 500 pack the house in Durham , New Hampshire for our town meeting .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Durham , NH 
Come pack the house with other supporters on Wednesday evening in Madison , Wisconsin .  RSVP here :  
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Henniker , NH 
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :  
Great crowd for our house party in Bow !  FITN nhpolitics 
LIVE :  Town hall meeting in Nashua , NH .   
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Nashua , NH 
I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who are anxious to be part of our campaign .  
We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections . 
Corporate America has mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns .  We must make certain that workers are given a fair chance to join a union . 
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .  
We once led the world in the percentage of our people with a college degree .  Now we are in 12th place . 
Join me in Madison to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the middle class must end .  
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate . 
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet . 
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .  
We should do everything possible to guarantee the right to vote , not make it harder .  I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act . 
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  I am honored to have their backing .  
We are the richest country in the history of the world yet almost all of the wealth ends up in the hands of the few .  
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them and not only for the CEOs of major multi-national corporations . 
Despite new technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than in 1999 .  
We're hiring field organizers in Iowa !  Click here for more information :  
Listen live to my conversation with   on TPP at 4 : 05pm 
In my view , the American consumer does not want the tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated and underpaid . 
Must read :  I'm a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the largest corporations to pay their fair share .  
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans . 
It is time to rebuild the middle class and reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else . 
We need to change outdated overtime rules so that businesses can't shirk their responsibility by labeling low-paid workers as supervisors . 
The confederate flag is a relic of our nation's   stained racial history .  It should come down . 
Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .  
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .  
Equal pay for equal work .  
When parents and children can't spend any time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value . 
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say .  Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Denver , CO 
To be meaningful , a pathway to citizenship needs be achievable for the millions of workers at the lower end of the economic ladders . 
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
Momentum is building .  A look at the massive turnouts and energy behind our campaign events :  
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It's   time to break up too big to fail banks .  
It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  
If the Export-Import Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the United States , it should be eliminated . 
Join us live for our Las Vegas town hall meeting on Periscope .   
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Las Vegas , NV 
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy , we must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy . 
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks of life , that is not a family value .  
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation . 
We need an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people at the very top . 
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
We must implement a trade policy that demands that corporate America invests in this country rather than in countries all over the world . 
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up . 
Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activities .  We must lead the world in combating the planetary crisis of global warming . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
Virtually every major union and environmental organization in the United States is against the TPP deal .  TPA 
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime . 
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities . 
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised . 
Despite exploding technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than it was in 1999 . 
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  
The minimum wage must become a living wage - which means raising it to $15 an hour over the next few years . 
I believe in a path to citizenship , and I agree with President Obama's   plans to do through executive action what Congress refuses to . 
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
 GeneralElectric , Verizon and The Boeing Company have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
At the Hawkeye Labor Council AFL-CIO annual steak fry in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .  
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution . 
We are very pleased to have the support of the South Carolina AFL-CIO executive board !  
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs . 
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse .  Isn't it time for a change ? 
Congress Deals a Setback to the Corporate Trade Agenda TPA TPP 
Big crowd for our town hall meeting this evening in Des Moines , Iowa .  iacaucus 
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy . 
Economic Policy Inst estimates that NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680 ,000 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 jobs .  Sign here to oppose the TPP :  
The TPP outsources jobs , undercuts worker rights , and dismantles labor laws .  Sign the petition to say no to TPP :  
We need trade policies that rebuild our manufacturing sector , not agreements that will lead to fewer jobs and lower wages .  TPA
Economic Policy Inst estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with china led to the net loss of over 2 . 7 million American jobs .  TPA
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .  TPA
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
I was honored to be among those who marched on Washington with Dr .  MLK Jr Read my piece about his dream on Medium 
Follow our campaign on Medium here :  
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs . 
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .  
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .  
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .  
A NYTimes poll shows that 74% of the American people think that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics . 
Must read from The Nation Wisconsin Straw Poll :  Clinton 49 Percent , Sanders 41 Percent 
No we will not cut Social Security .  
Wisconsin Democrats straw poll :  Clinton 49% - Sanders 41% .  
We need to hold thousands of meetings like this one in Keene , NH , all over the country :  
Brattleboro's   14th annual Strolling of the Heifers festival was udderly fantastic .  
NEWS :  Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire .  
Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire !  
Annual Strolling of the Heifers parade in Brattleboro , Vermont .  
Now is the time for millions of working families to come together to revitalize American democracy .  Join us :  
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists . 
 spencertweedy We apologize for the inconvenience .  The demand has been exceedingly high .  We hope to fix the store soon . 
American democracy is not about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections .  It is one person-one vote and no voter suppression . 
Rolling Stone spent three days on the campaign trail with us .  Check it out :  
  Coralville Iowa We had a great meeting in Coralville several months ago !  Looking forward to coming back . 
Must read from Washington Post As the rich become super-rich , they pay lower taxes .  For real .  
The people of this country are tired of political gossip , personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads .  I've never run a negative ad in my life . 
Americans want candidates to engage in serious discussions about the issues facing our country .  Sign my petition :  
Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
Coming up at 12 : 15pm ET -- we'll be on with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the importance of debates in 2016 . 
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for .  We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United . 
What a week we had in Vermont , New Hampshire , Iowa and Minnesota :   Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Addressing the overflow crowd in Minneapolis .  MN 
 marcoscopic Sorry about that Marcos .  We need a bigger venue ! 
About 600 came out to celebrate our campaign kickoff in Ames , Iowa !  
We must be touching a nerve !  Another 300 listening outside in Iowa City .  
Continuing our road trip in beautiful West Branch , Iowa -- 200 came out for our backyard house party .  
Another great turnout in Iowa at Muscatine County Democrats meeting .  
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .  
I am glad to hear that the State Department has removed Cuba from their list of state-sponsored terrorists . 
Our first day in Iowa was a big success :  
My campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate , not political gossip .  
Photos and a recap from our first day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire :  
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty . 
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Just Fired the Opening Shots of His Political Revolution In Vermont by   
Burlington Police estimate more than 5 ,000 showed up for our big launch .  Join us live at  .  
About to take the stage here in Burlington .  Tune in at  .  
We're excited to launch our new Instagram !  Follow us on the campaign trail :  
Memorial Day parade in Middlebury , Vt .  
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear . 
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least . 
Wall Street cannot be an island separate from the rest of the productive economy whose only goal is to make as much money as possible . 
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail , are now bigger than they used to be . 
It's   time to break up the big banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line . 
For 30 years I've stood up for workers in this country , and I believe I am the only candidate now prepared to take on the billionaire class . 
Excited for Bill McKibben to speak at our kickoff event on Tuesday in Burlington !  
A political revolution is coming .  Text BERNIE to 82623 to sign up for important mobile alerts from TeamBernie . 
Support my bill to make public colleges and universities tuition-free :   CollegeforAll 
I congratulate the Los Angeles City Council for voting to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour . 
In this economy , college is the new high school .  We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage . 
CollegeForAll -- that's   how we'll compete effectively in this new global economy .  Support my bill :  
Support my bill to make public college tuition-free :   CollegeForAll
Every American who has the desire and ability should be able to get an affordable college education .   CollegeForAll
I believe that in a democratic , civilized society none of our people should be hungry or living in desperation . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet . 
The United States must lead the world in combating climate change and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels . 
We need a massive federal jobs program which puts millions of our people back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure . 
We are the richest country in the world but that means nothing when almost all of the wealth and income ends up in the hands of the few . 
Since 1999 , the typical middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5 ,000 after adjusting for inflation . 
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class . 
Why would we approve another trade deal like those that have failed so miserably ?  NoTPP
Trade agreements should not just work for corporate America .  They have got to benefit the working families of our country . 
The United States must move toward a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  Health care is a right not a privilege . 
While a member of the House Financial Services Committee , I was one of those leading the fight against the deregulation of Wall Street . 
We need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs . 
It is absurd that in 1952 , corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while , in 2014 , they provided 11 percent . 
We must listen to the scientists and lead the world in halting climate change so this planet is habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
Over a period of a few years the national minimum wage should be $15 per hour . 
Must read from The Hill Banks brace for Bernie Sanders 
I am vigorously opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement , and will do everything that I can to defeat it . 
Shamefully , the United States remains the only major industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people . 
It is not acceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses . 
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  That's   what this campaign is all about . 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities . 
Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .  
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country , not spend millions on ugly and negative 30-second ads . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least . 
I voted against the Patriot Act every time it came up , and it still needs major reform . 
A discussion from 1989 on the failure of our elected officials to address the needs of working-class Americans .  TBT 
It's   time to make our government work for all of us , and not just the top one percent .  Join our campaign :  
The billionaires and their super PACs increasingly control the American political process .  That's   why we must overturn Citizens United . 
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner . 
The great challenge that we face .  .  .  
I believe we should break up the big Wall Street banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist . 
It is better to show up than to give up .  Join us :  
I'm running for the Democratic nomination because we must change course , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Join our campaign at 
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires but we can't take care of the elderly and the children ? 
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty . 
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Join our campaign at 
I'm hoping to lead the fight against the TPP so that we do not continue to see shutdowns of factories in America . 
We are at a moment of truth .  We need to face up to the reality of where we are as a nation , and we need a mass movement to fight for change . 
A successful national campaign is a massive undertaking , especially when we will be heavily outspent .  Join us :  
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
I run not to oppose any woman or man , but to propose new and far-reaching policies to deal with the crises of our times . 
Our middle class is at a tipping point .  It will not last another generation if we don't boldly change course now .  
Speaking to the leadership of the NH AFL-CIO about ways to rebuild the middle class  ( North Conway , NH )  .  
The disastrous Citizens United case and other related decisions are undermining the very foundations of American democracy . 
First official campaign event in Manchester , NH .  More than 100 strong .  Great event !  
The people at the top are grabbing all the new wealth and income for themselves , and the rest of America is being squeezed and left behind . 
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders .  
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign at  . 
I believe that together we can change America , and breathe new life into the soul of our nation .  That is what our campaign is all about . 
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign .  
Follow me on Reddit .  
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  Join our campaign :  
Join the campaign at :   
Nineteen Republican presidential candidates in NewHampshire and they all say the same thing :  
I hope Hillary Clinton will speak out on these and other important issues in the days and weeks ahead .  
Join Bernie's   campaign here :  
Tell Congress to protect American workers -- No fast track !  :   TPP
A loophole in immigration law is costing thousands of American jobs -   Los Angeles Times 
Tell Congress to protect American workers - No fast track !   TPP 
Highlights from Bernie's   Western Swing :  
Take a look at some highlights from Bernie's   trip through California , Nevada , Texas and Illinois :  
Here is What Could Be Fixed by the Taxes on Apple's   Offshored Profits -  
Bernie speaks at a rally for   in Chicago :  
NOW in LasVegas :  Bernie is firing up a packed room of   workers .  Vegas 
Bernie addressed a sold-out event this evening in San Francisco at the   - next stop :  Las Vegas 
Why do Republicans always have money for war but not for those in need ?  
NOW :  Bernie is taking calls on KQED Listen live :   and call in at :  866-733-6786 .  SanFrancisco
A Letter from Bernie :  Help Make a Political Revolution :   
Happening now - Sanders addresses 800+ in Los Angeles  
Join Bernie for a rally for   on April 2 at 6 : 30pm .  More info here :   ChicagoElection2015 Chicago
Join Bernie for a town meeting at the   of California on March 30 at 6 : 30pm .  More info here :  
Get involved , stay up to date and take action at :   BerniesBrigade
Federal Tax System Seen in Need of Overhaul - Pew Research Center 
Join Bernie here :   
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality .  .  .  
Join the campaign here :   
This is the kind of corporate greed and irresponsibility that is destroying the middle class and must be stopped .  
Chris Rock 
A Bernie Sanders Presidential Bid Would Take on the Billionaires - Mark Z .  Barabak Los Angeles Times 
U . S .  Companies Are Stashing $2 . 1 Trillion Overseas to Avoid Taxes - Richard Rubin Bloomberg 
Must Read :  A Strike Against Student Debt - The New York Times 
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
The The FCC voted to protect NetNeutrality :  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million jobs .  Support rebuilding America here :  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .  
Let's   rebuild America and create jobs .  Sign the petition here :  
Bernie in Iowa :  'Stand up , fight back' for national change 
Happening now - Bernie addresses students , community members at Drake University town meeting 
Join Bernie here :   
Sign the petition to support a bold $1 trillion investment in our nation's   infrastructure and jobs :  
Join Bernie here :   
Bernie's   Iowa trip schedule Feb 19 - Feb 21 :   - 
Let's   rebuild America and create jobs :   
$1 billion each .  .  .  
$600 billion on defense .  .  .  
It is absurd .  .  .  
The national debt was primarily caused by .  .  .  
 .  .  . of the rich , by the rich and for the rich .  .  .  
take action :  Stop the Republican attack on Social Security 
Bernard Sanders claims far-left lane in Democratic presidential race :  
We must fight to expand Social Security .  SocialSecurity 
Join Bernie on Saturday , Feb .  7 for Breakfast in Harrisburg :   Pennsylvania
Stand with Bernie here :   FCC NetNeutrality 
Join the movement here :   
Stay up to date with Bernie here :   
Join Bernie here :   
We've got to stand up and fight back :   
Join Bernie here :   
Stay up to date with Bernie at :  
West Virginia Gas Line Explodes , Marking Fourth Major Pipeline Incident This Month -   ThinkProgress 
Listen now :  Q and A with DemocracyForAmerica membership 
This is wrong and unsustainable from a moral , economic and political perspective :  
We're Getting Even Closer to Doomsday - The Associated Press 
The bottom 60% owns only 1 . 7% of the wealth in this country . 
Join Bernie on Friday , Feb .  6 for a Reception in Philadelphia :  
On the 5th anniversary of Citizens United , tell congressional leaders :  Democracy is NOT for Sale 
Join the movement :  
Bernie promises to defend social security 
We are moving backward .  .  .  
Why is it that .  .  .  - Jon Stewart 
Must Read :  The Possible Presidential Candidate Who Agrees the Most with Pope Francis -   TIME . com 
In Germany , college tuition is now free throughout the country :  
Stop the KeystoneXL pipeline .  NoKXL 
Is It Bad Enough Yet ?  - Mark Bittman The New York Times 
We cannot continue to turn our backs on poverty in America .  
Here's   how the Republicans approach democracy :  
YES - an end of the year letter from Bernie 
Rigged .  
Embracing Bernie's   values -letter to the editor Des Moines Register  v
Stephen Colbert on Walmart 
Listen now :  Bernie on Radio Boston discusses challenges of our time 
Since 2001 we have lost over 60 ,800 factories and millions of decent-paying manufacturing jobs .  
Bernie Sanders , Superstar daveweigel Bloomberg Politics 
Higher education must become affordable for all .  
This is what class warfare looks like :  
Bernie speaks before a packed room in Ames , Iowa .  
Bernie :  We Must Protect and Expand Social Security 
It is time to invest more in our kids .  .  .  
Listen now :  Sanders on  Government must begin working for Middle Class people not just the billionaire class 
Bernie is on MSNBC now . 
Join Bernie Sanders for a town meeting in Ames , Iowa .  More info here :  
Bernie Sanders's   Bold Economic Agenda Seeks to Transform Politics
An Economic Agenda for America :  12 Steps Forward 
Act Now and Say NO to a Right-Wing Republican Agenda 
Join Bernie for a town meeting in Ames , Iowa .  More info here :  
We don't need huge tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations .  We need to end childhood poverty .  
Wal-Mart - Anyone can afford food there , except people who work for Wal-Mart .  - Stephen Colbert 
Bernie talks about election results on WBUR's     
Bernie talks with BillMoyers . com about breaking big money's   grip on our democracy :  
Election Day should be a national holiday .  Election2014 ElectionDay 
If we can bail out Wall Street , we can bail out families .  
On Sunday , Bernie and   spoke at a rally in St .  Albans , Vermont .  
Bernie speaks to a packed room in Hinesburg , Vt .  Vermont 
Happening now :  Bernie is speaking to a packed room in Bristol , Vermont .  
Sanders addresses a crowd of hundreds at the SanFrancisco U . U .  Church last night hosted by     
Why is it that .  .  .  
Happening now :  Bernie is speaking to the IAMAW in LasVegas .  1u
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Bernie Sanders vs .  the Billionaires -   Vox 
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Bernie will be on CNN's   State of the Union talking with   about ISIS and Syria .  
Voter ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  
Franklin D .  Roosevelt - 
Join Bernie for a town meeting this Friday at UNH .  More info here :  
Join Bernie this Friday at 5pm for a town meeting at   hosted by  More info :   UNH 
Isn't there a lesson here that we should be learning from Germany ?  
Must Read :  Sanders Addresses Hundreds in Iowa -    Iowa
This weekend Bernie will be back in Iowa .  Details here :  
We need to end childhood poverty .  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more low-paying jobs than any other major country .  
Franklin D .  Roosevelt .  .  .  
That's   an increase in wealth of almost $1 billion a month .  
Bernie speaks to a packed room at the Strafford County Democrats' fall celebration in Rollinsford , NewHampshire .  
Stay up to date with all of Bernie's   upcoming events in NewHampshire and Iowa :  
Let's   create a government that works for all Americans , and not just the wealthy few- opinion piece UnionLeader . com 
NH :  Bernie will be the keynote speaker at the annual   County Fall Celebration Saturday Sept .  27th 
1 out of 5 of our kids lives in poverty .  Join Bernie at  
Let's   not forget that Bush and Cheney got us into Iraq - the worst foreign policy blunder in modern American history .  
Franklin Delano Roosevelt , 1937 :  
The federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 is a starvation wage .  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .  StrikeFastFood
There are a lot of folks who say :  It doesn't impact me .  FightFor15 MinimumWage 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when .  .  .  
On this Labor Day we salute the trade union movement .  
There are three major political organizations in this country .  
It is time to invest more in our kids - decent child care , education , housing and nutrition - and less in jails .  
How much money do the Koch brothers need ?  
Join Bernie here :   
Want to know why we have a federal deficit ?  
Get Koch Money Out of Politics :  
The Republicans talk about impeaching Obama .  Really ?  
Corporate welfare :  
Lift the cap to protect SocialSecurity .  
We must end the ability of the billionaire class to buy elections .  
Join Bernie here :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Stand with Bernie :   
Stand with Bernie :   
Restaurant CEOs Make More Money in Half a Day Than Their Employees Make in a Year -    
Join Bernie here :   
Say No to the Koch Brothers' Oligarchy :   KochBrothers
Join Bernie here :   
Since 2009 gas supplies are up 2 . 4% , demand is down 5% yet prices at the pump are up 40% . 
Join Bernie here :   
Bosses should not be able to impose their religious beliefs on their employees .  SCOTUS
Learn about the KochBrothers' toxic influence on our democracy and fight back :  
Join Bernie here :   
A Republican Case for Climate Action - The New York Times 
U . S .  health care system ranks lowest in international survey - CBS News 
CEO Pay Has Increased By 937 Percent Since 1978 -   Huffington Post 
Take action here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Take action here :   
Take action here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Why Democrats Need Bernie Sanders to Run for President - Michael Kazin ,  
Take a look at the poster from Bernie's   1981 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vermont .  TBT TBThursday 
Bernie Sanders for president ?  -   Washington Post 
18 million children have parents who will get a raise by increasing the minimum wage to $10 . 10 an hour .  FairShot 
The American Middle Class Is No Longer the World's   Richest - David Leonhardt and   The New York Times 
It's   no mystery why Monsanto would fight people's   right to know .  GMOlabeling 
The Terrible Fear of Paying the Poor Too Much - Leo Gerard , United Steelworkers 
Princeton Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 No Longer An Actual Democracy -   Talking Points Memo 
In 2012 Citigroup hid $42 . 6 billion in offshore tax havens to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 income taxes .  TaxReform
In 2012 Bank of America stashed $17 . 2 billion in offshore tax havens to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 income taxes . 
From '08-'13 Verizon made over $42 . 4 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 profits and received a total tax refund of $732 million from the IRS . 
I'm afraid that if we don't create a strong progressive movement , then the big money interest will win once again :  
The RyanBudget is vulgar and obscene .  
The question facing the American people is :  Are we going to fight for our democracy or will it be taken over by billionaires ?  nhpolitics
The debate is over .  The scientific community has been very clear :  Global warming is real .  nhpolitics
In 1980 , Koch's   Libertarian party platform stated :  We oppose all personal and corporate income taxation , including capital gains taxes . 
A handful of self-serving billionaires have the capability to spend more money than Obama and Romney spent in their campaigns - combined . 
We need a political revolution in which the government works for ordinary people rather than the wealthy and their corporate lobbyists .  NH
In addressing our country's   problems , corporate-owned media , political gossip and five-second sound-bites are not going to work .  nhpolitics
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality in this country is immoral , un-American and unsustainable . 
Are we going to fight for our democracy or will it be taken over by billionaires ?  Take action here :  
Freedom of speech , in my view , does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .  McCutcheon 
'Horrible' Supreme Court Ruling , Sanders Says -    McCutcheon
The Kochs are prepared to spend an unlimited sum of money to create an America shaped by their right-wing extremist views . 
95% of all new income created in this country since the Great Recession went to the top 1% .  IncomeInequality
To equate the ability of billionaires to buy elections with 'freedom of speech' is totally absurd .  McCutcheon
The Koch brothers saw a $12 billion increase in their wealth last year and are now worth $80 billion .  IncomeInequality
Clearly the winners are the millionaires and billionaires in this country .  McCutcheon
Freedom of speech , in my view , does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .  McCutcheon
The Walton family is now worth $148 billion - more wealth than the bottom 40% .  IncomeInequality
If we are serious about elections being fought over ideas , we must move toward public funding of elections .  
The average middle class American family earned less income last year than it did 25 years ago . 
A record breaking 46 . 5 million Americans lived in poverty last year . 
50% of Americans have less than $10 ,000 in their savings accounts .  Jobs IncomeInequality
More here :   IncomeInequality 
Income Gap , Meet the Longevity Gap - Annie Lowrey The New York Times 
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality in this country is immoral , un-American and unsustainable . 
We have created new idols .  .  .  - Pope Francis 
Meanwhile , the excluded are still waiting .  .  .  - Pope Francis 
Many people think that Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it is Wall Street that regulates Congress .  
Read more here :   RaiseTheWage 
Pew Research study shows A Rise in Wealth for the Wealthy ;  Declines for the Lower 93% :  
Check out the op-ed The Soul of America by   in Huffington Post regarding fiscalcliff and debtceiling 
John Nichols of The Nation has posted his Progressive Honor Roll of 2012 with Bernie Sanders topping the list 
Op-ed by   and Michael Copps in POLITICO regarding proposed FCC rule change allowing media consolidation 
Bernie named chair of the Veterans Affairs Committee It is a great honor .  .  . but it is an even greater responsibility 
ICYMI :  Check out Bernie's   OpEd on Daily Kos The People Have Spoken  VTPoli Budget FiscalCliff FixTheDebt Dems
Must Read :  Bernie's   OpEd on Daily Kos The People Have Spoken  VTPoli Budget FiscalCliff FixTheDebt GOP
Elections have consequences .  The American people have spoken .   Deficit Budget SocialSecurity FiscalCliff
Bernie on Ed Schultz The American people have been very clear  p2 VTPoli FiscalCliff CitizensUnited SocialSecurity
Coming up at 8pm EST - Bernie joins  on MSNBC's   Ed Schultz Don't miss it !  p2 VTPoli
Bernie rallying students at Castleton State College- vtpoli prog 
Volunteer to help get out the vote by signing up here :   Vt VTPoli
Join Bernie ,   and   this Sunday for a GOTV rally in Montpelier :   VT Vermont VTPoli
Help get out the vote :   Vt Vermont VTPoli GOTV Bernie2012
Please share this video widely and join Bernie in supporting   for VT State Auditor :   VTPoli P2 BTV
Help get out the vote :   Vt Vermont VTPoli GOTV Bernie2012
Help get out the vote in VT !  Find out how :   VTPoli BTV
Reminder :  With Sandy headed our way , get those Bernie2012 lawn signs in until the storm passes .  Stay safe everyone !  VT Vermont VTPoli
To folks w/ Bernie lawn signs :  please make sure to bring them in during the coming storm .  Let's   be safe out there !  VT Sandy
Bernie rallying Elizabeth Warren's   supporters in Northampton - spirited group here wrkng hard Elizabeth Warren prog 
Bernie firing up 300 trade unionists for Eliz Warren in Pittsfield MA prog Elizabeth Warren 
Another great turnout - over 175 in Manchester to discuss with Bernie how to stop Romney and the right vtpoli prog 
Must Read :  Labor unions , liberal groups fear lame-duck betrayal by Obama -   The Hill  SocialSecurity
ICYMI :  This is what we're doing in VT .  This is what we need to do all over this country  VTPoli P2 Bernie2012
Must Read :  The sham of Simpson-Bowles - Jan Schakowsky Reuters Top News  budget
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders :  Barack Obama Better Not Cut Social Security - Ian Gray and Ryan Grim :   SocialSecurity
Must see :  250+ attend Bernie rally in Putney .  This is what we're doing in VT ;  what we need to do all over the country :  
Wowser- over 250 come out in Putney to talk about the economy/election 2012 w/ Bernie- vtpolitics prog 
Great crowd in Hinesburg to discuss with Bernie what's   at stake in Nov election vtpoli prog 
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv Bernie2012
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv Bernie2012
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv
Must Read :  The Battle for Congress - John Nichols The Nation 
News Update :  Fighting Back :   Vermont Vt p2
Welcome to Twitter ,   Vermont Vt
Must Read :  Redistributing wealth upward - Harold Meyerson Washington Post 
Between 2009-2010 , 93% of all new income went to the top 1% . 
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% . 
Large corporations and the wealthy are avoiding $100 billion in taxes every year by setting up offshore tax shelters . 
Hedge fund managers who made $1 billion in 2010 now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters and police officers . 
Bernie rocking the Hub in Johnson over 150 students talking student debt , women's   issues and the environment vtpoli 
Bernie describing GOP extremism at pig roast in Troy- big crowd .  
Wow- over 175 come out to Portsmouth NH to discuss with Bernie why Romney would be a disaster for workers prog vtpoli 
Happening 9/22 :  Join Bernie in Portsmouth , NH for free brunch and to discuss what's   at stake this November .   NHPolitics
The Bush tax breaks for the wealthiest 1% alone , cost about $1 trillion over a 10-year period .  Budget
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of income of any major country in the industrialized world .  
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars in 2010 now pay a lower effective tax rate than many nurses . 
Overflow crowd at Ryegate Firehouse to discuss Election 2012 with the nation's   leading progressive vtpoli prog 
These are tough and frightening times for our country .  Despair is not an option .  The fight continues .   p2 vtpoli
Bernie finishing the day in Concord NH at a packed IBEW Hall- great day in the Granite State .  prog nhpoli vtpoli 
Happening now - join Bernie for dinner and a rally in Concord NH :   NHPolitics p2
Bernie rallies 300 at Dartmouth with SEIU and students .  
Happening at 3 pm - Join Bernie at a rally at Dartmouth College in Hanover NH !   VotersRising p2
Bernie talking about shrinking middle class at packed Claremont NH mtg- and danger of Romney presidency prog vtpoli 
Coming up at noon - join Bernie in Claremont NH for lunch and a rally :   NHPolitics p2 WhatsAtStake
Packed house at The Pub in Keene to hear the nation's   leading progressive talk Election 2012 vtpoli prog 
Happening now !  Bernie is on his way to Keene NH for a rally .  More info here :   NHPolitics 2012
This Saturday's   final NewHampshire event w/ Bernie will be in Concord :   More events :   p2 NH
Also Saturday , join Bernie in Claremont , NH at noon  and Dartmouth College at 3pm  NHPolitics p2
Happening Saturday 9/15 - Bernie goes to NewHampshire !  Join Bernie in Keene , NH at 9 : 30 am :   p2 vtpoli NHPolitics
Must Read :  Rich-Poor Gap Widens to Most Since 1967 as Income Falls - Catherine Dodge and Frank Bass ,  
The Paul Ryan budget would end Medicare as we know it within 10 years . 
Let us never forget that when Bill Clinton left office in 2001 , this country enjoyed a healthy $236 billion surplus . 
Under Paul Ryan's   budget , nearly 2 million children would lose their health insurance over the next 5 years . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  
If we don't create a strong progressive movement , then the big money interest will win once again :  
Bernie at last nights sunset cruise/bday w Wally Watson pres of the Intntl Asc machinists local in Derby VT vtpoli 
Bernie decries Republican extremism at VT AFL-CIO Convention 
Join Bernie in NH to discuss what's   at stake for the country in the 2012 election this November .  More info :   p2
The deficit and debt are serious issues , but we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the children , the sick and the poor . 
Join Bernie on Monday for events in Burlington and Middlebury .  More details here :   BTV VT Middlebury Midd
Join Bernie Sept 3rd for a LaborDay celebration in BTV !  There'll be free food , music and activities for kids .   VT p2
Join Bernie's   email list and stay up to date with his reelection campaign :  
Weigh in and take Bernie's   new poll on national priorities :   p2 DNC2012
Join Bernie Sunday at 5 : 30pm in White River Junction for dinner .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for lunch at 12pm in Springfield .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for brunch at 9 : 30am in Woodstock .  More details here :   Vt Vermont
Join Bernie Sunday at 5 : 30pm in White River Junction for dinner .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for lunch at 12pm in Springfield .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie this weekend for events in Woodstock , Springfield , and White River Junction .  Details here :   Vermont Vt
In 2010 , the richest 1% of Americans received 93% of all of the new income earned that year . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
SocialSecurity has not contributed one nickel to our deficit or our national debt . 
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Coming up at 5 : 30pm :  Bernie hosts a dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a brunch in Burlington .  More details here :   Btv Vermont Vt
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a lunch in Middletown Springs .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Coming up at 12pm :  Bernie will host a lunch in Middletown Springs .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Right now Bernie is hosting a brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Coming up at 9 : 30am :  Bernie hosts a brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Join Bernie on Sunday at 5 : 30pm for dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Join Bernie on Saturday at 9 : 30am for brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Join Bernie on Sunday at 5 : 30pm for dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Join Bernie on Saturday at 9 : 30am for brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
The PaulRyan budget would kick up to 10 million Americans off Food Stamps .  hunger poverty
Join Bernie this weekend in Brandon , Middletown Springs , Burlington and Morrisville .  All details here :   Vt
The PaulRyan budget makes the Bush tax cuts permanent - that's   over $1 trillion in tax cuts to the wealthiest 2% and large corporations . 
I think what the fight here is about , is defeating the oligarchic form of government that Romney and PaulRyan want .  
PaulRyan's   budget would make huge cuts in SocialSecurity , Medicare , Medicaid and education while giving more tax breaks to billionaires . 
The PaulRyan budget would slash college Pell grants by about 60% next year alone .  RyanBudget
PaulRyan's   budget would slash funding for roads , bridges , rail lines , transit systems , and airports by nearly 40% next year alone . 
The Romney-Ryan ticket is waging war against the middle class and must be defeated .  PaulRyan Budget
Must Read :  How to measure the worth of Social Security -   CJR  SocialSecurity
Must Read :  Corporate Fraud Cases Often Spare Individuals - Shift6 and  The New York Times  Fraud
In 2010 , the richest 1% of Americans received 93% of all of the new income earned that year . 
From 1980-2005 , the top 1% earned about 80% of all of the new income earned during that 25 year time period . 
Volunteer to help reelect Bernie here :   Btv Vermont Vt Montp
Middle class families have seen their income go down by more than $3 ,600 since 1999 .  Vermont p2
Millions of Americans are working 2 or 3 jobs , just to make ends meet .  Jobs Vermont
A great panel talking about middle class struggles at Bernie's   town meeting in St .  Albans this evening .  VT Vermont 
Bernie packs the house at the Matterhorn in Stowe .  Vermont Vt 
Stay up to date with Bernie's   reelection campaign here :  
Must Read :  Climate change the cause of summer's   extreme weather , Congress told - Suzanne Goldenberg The Guardian 
Must Read :  Deficit debate driven by the wealthy -  Los Angeles Times 
73% of Americans believe global temperatures have increased over the last century . 
Must Read :  The Conversion of a Climate-Change Skeptic - Richard Muller , The New York Times  ClimateChange
If we do nothing , the science is clear that temperatures will continue to increase and sea levels will continue to rise . 
In 2009 Exxon Mobil not only paid nothing in federal income taxes , but actually received a $156 million rebate from the IRS that year . 
Ending the Bush tax breaks for the top 2% would reduce the deficit by about $1 trillion over the next decade . 
Huge crowd at Maple Corner Community Center for Bernie's   town hall meeting !  
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Banks Spawn 10 ,000 Units Worldwide to Cut Taxes -   
Must Read :  CEOs and Simpson-Bowles 3 . 0 - Steven Pearlstein :   Taxes
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Poverty on Track to Rise to Highest Since 1960s - Hope Yen , The Associated Press  Poverty Jobs
Must Read :  The Postal Service is struggling , but not because of the mail - Fredric Rolando , Washington Post 
June broke or tied 3 ,215 high-temperature records across the United States .  - Bill McKibben Rolling Stone 
Must Read :  Global Warming's   Terrifying New Math - Bill McKibben Rolling Stone  ClimateChange
Instead of asking the very wealthy to pay a nickle more in taxes they want to go after the sick , poor , and elderly . 
The 6 largest financial institutions in our country have assets worth 2/3 of the United States' GDP - over 9 trillion dollars . 
We have the most unequal distribution of wealth and income since the 1920s and more than any other major country on earth . 
An American dies every 12 minutes largely because they don't have health insurance .  ACA
After having caused the recession , it appears the large financial institutions have learned nothing .  WallSt ows
If we do not begin to reverse greenhouse gas emissions , climate change around the world will only get worse .  ClimateChage
The percentage of income going to the top 1% has nearly tripled since the 1970s .  Greed
Must Read :  Tax-Exempt Groups Shield Political Gifts of Businesses - Mike McIntire and Nicholas Confessore , The New York Times 
Must Read :  Editorial :  Court decision on political spending exceedingly harmful - National Catholic Reporter :  
Must Read :  The Wall Street Scandal of All Scandals - Robert Reich Huffington Post 
Must Read :  Glaxo Gets a Slap on the Wrist - Larry Bodine :  
See Bernie in Montpelier at 6pm :   Montp Vermont
Meet Bernie this week in Montpelier , Burlington , Warren or Brandon .   Vermont Btv
This Saturday  ( 6/23 )  in Rutland , join Bernie to discuss what's   at stake in the 2012 election .  RSVP here :   vtpoli vt
Please RT :  Bernie on Daily Kos Real Fed Reform :  Throw the Fox Out of the Hen House  Fed JPM JPMorgan WallSt ows
In 2011 , the oil , gas , and coal industries spent a combined $167 million on lobbying the federal government .  EndFossilFuelSubsidies
Join Bernie to discuss his re-election effort and what's   at stake for the country .  RSVP here :  
Through strong grass-roots activity in Vermont and around the country , we can change the direction of this country .  
Let's   be clear .  This is not just Jamie Dimon .  Bernie talks about Fed conflicts of interest on MSNBC  OWS P2
It is beyond comprehension that our Republican friends will not support infrastructure legislation .  Bernie on MSNBC 
The percentage of income going to the top 1% has nearly tripled since the 1970s . 
Must Read :  The vicious cycle of economic inequality - Joseph Stiglitz , POLITICO  budget
No more austerity for working families .  It's   time for austerity for the top 1% Bernie's   Progressive Budget :   p2
Must Read :  Family Net Worth Drops to Level of Early '90s , Fed Says - Binyamin Appelbaum The New York Times 
130 million Americans have no dental insurance and a quarter of adults age 65 or older have lost all their teeth . 
Over 50 ,000 manufacturing plants in America have been shut down over the past decade .  Bernie2012
The largest 6 banks in America have more than $9 trillion in assets .  That's   equal to 62% of our nation's   GDP .  Fed WallSt
We need to go back to boring banking and away from the casino gambling on Wall Street .  WallSt
The typical CEO got stock awards worth $3 . 6 million in 2011 , up 11% from the year before .  ows p2
The 4 largest banks in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 issue two-thirds of all credit cards ;  half of all mortgages ;  and hold nearly 40% of all bank deposits .  ows Fed
Together we CAN change the direction of this country .  Please don't ever forget that , even in these difficult times .  
Bernie on MSNBC Class warfare .  .  .  is being waged against middle class and working families of this country .   p2 OWS
Read Bernie's   progressive budget and sign up to be a cosponsor :   Vermont p2 wi
Join the campaign on Facebook :   Twitter :   Or by newsletter :   Bernie2012
Join the campaign by signing up to read Bernie's   newsletter :   Vermont p2
Must Read :  GOP groups plan record $1 billion blitz - POLITICO 
Stay up to date with Bernie's   election campaign by receiving his campaign newsletter :  
Nationally , middle class families have seen their income go down by more than $2 ,600 since 1999 .  Jobs Vermont
During the presidency of George W .  Bush , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 lost over 600 ,000 private sector jobs .  jobs
It's   what we call 'boring banking . ' MSNBC video :  End Wall Street as a 'gambling casino' -  JPMorgan Fed P2
GlaxoSmithKline agreed to pay $3 billion to end an investigation into illegal sales and marketing practices .   Fraud
Pfizer paid $49 million to settle charges that it defrauded the Medicaid program by overcharging for the drug Lipitor .  
Super PACs have spent over $112 million this election cycle .   CitizensUnited
In 2009 , prices for patented medicines in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 were 85% higher than in Canada , and approximately 150% higher than in France . 
Large corporations have a record-breaking $2 trillion in cash on hand , yet Republicans and some Dems want to lower corporate taxes further . 
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60 percent over the last decade .  budget
Why is Jamie Dimon on a Federal Reserve board ?  -  CNNMoney  JPMorgan Fed
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Budget
Jamie Dimon Should Resign From the Board Of The New York Fed -Simon Johnson , Huffington Post  JPMorgan WallSt
In 2005 , 1/4 large corporations paid no income taxes at all even though they collected $1 . 1 trillion in revenue over that one year period . 
93% of all new income between 2009 and 2010 went to the top 1% .   Vermont p2
It is time to shift the debate away from devastating budget cuts to a progressive alternative .   p2 Vermont Vt
Sign up to receive Bernie's   email newsletter here :   Vermont p2
We need financial institutions to be investing in the productive economy :   p2 JPMorgan WallStreet ows occupy
News Update :  Say No to Austerity :   Vermont p2 Bernie2012
Take Bernie's   latest poll here :   Vermont Btv Montp p2 budget tax
Bernie talks about the mess at JPMorgan on MSNBC These guys have learned nothing .   OWS P2 WallSt
Bernie stops to meet people at the Maple Fest parade in St .  Albans .  Vermont Bernie2012 
Make sure to join Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv p2 ows
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Advocates a Free Market in AIDS Drugs - Dean Baker  Vermont p2 AIDS HIV
Keep up to date with news from Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv
Join Bernie's   campaign on Facebook here :   Vermont Btv p2 ows
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Brings the Anti-Austerity Fight to America
Here's   a picture of Bernie at the Maple Fest parade in St .  Albans last weekend .  Vermont Bernie2012 
From 1978-2011 , CEO compensation increased more than 725% while worker compensation grew 5 . 7% .  Vermont
From 1979-2007 , annual earnings for the top 0 . 1% grew 362% while those in the bottom 90% grew only 17% . 
Must Read :  CEO pay and the top 1% - Economic Policy Inst 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
Must Read :  Special Report :  Inside Chesapeake , CEO ran $200 million hedge fund - Reuters Top News  GasPrices Oil
Here's   the poster from Bernie's   successful 1987 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vt .  BTV Vermont p2 
Check out the poster from Bernie's   successful 1985 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vt .  Btv Vermont .  
Join Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv p2
Support Bernie's   Progressive budget here :   Vermont Btv p2 budget SocialSecurity
Here is the poster from Bernie's   successful 1983 campaign for Mayor of BTV , Vermont .   
Must Read :  Lehman Bros .  elite stood to get $700 million - Walter Hamilton , Andrew Tangel and Stuart Pfeifer , Los Angeles Times 
Take a look at the poster from Bernie's   successful 1981 campaign for Mayor of BTV , Vermont :  
Please RT :  rec Bernie's   latest Daily Kos post to keep it on the rec list :  The Progressive Alternative :   SharedSacrifice
Sign up to get email updates from Bernie's   reelection campaign here :   Vermont Vt Btv
Please rec & share Bernie's   latest post on Daily Kos The Progressive Alternative :   SharedSacrifice
Sign up to volunteer on Bernie's   reelection campaign here :   BTV Vermont VT
Must Read :  Post Offices Face Hurdles in Efforts to Diversify - Ron Nixon , The New York Times  USPS PostalService
Must Read :  Six Rigged Rules Corporations Use to Dodge Taxes - The Nation  
Stay up to date with Bernie's   reelection campaign by Liking him on Facebook here :   Vt Vermont Btv
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Multinationals Hiring At Much Faster Rate Overseas - Alexander Eichler , Huffington Post  Jobs
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many teachers .  budget
There are ways we can create decent paying jobs .  Giving tax breaks to billionaires happens to not be one of them .  
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% .  poverty budget
Must Read :  Workers' Pay Divide Persists - Neil Shah 
Between 2009 & 2010 , 93% of all new income went to the top 1% & 99% of the people shared 7%  BuffettRule VT OWS
We're moving rapidly toward an oligarchic form of govt .  where almost all wealth & power resides in the hands of the very rich .  BuffettRule
The wealthiest 400 people in America now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans .  BuffettRule FairShare
Must Read :  An economic recovery that leaves workers further behind - Harold Meyerson Washington Post  FairShare jobs
Must Read :  Why the Buffett Rule Sets the Bar Too Low - Robert Reich  BuffettRule FairShare
Class warfare is being waged in America .  .  .  and sadly the wrong side is winning -  BuffettRule Taxes OWS Vt
Must Read :  Oil Speculators :  The Damage Is Real -   TheStreet  GasPrices oil gas
In 2010 , 93% of the total income increase went to the top 1% and only 7% to the bottom 99% .   ( Source :  The New York Times 
Must Read :  Welfare Limits Left Poor Adrift as Recession Hit - Jason DeParle , The New York Times  jobs poverty
Over 50 ,000 manufacturing plants in America have been shut down over the past decade .  jobs
In 2010 compared to 2009 , 93% of all of the new income created went to the top 1 percent .   OWS Occupy Jobs
Must Read :  Fossil-fuel subsidies :  Helping the richest get richer - Bill McKibben 
The rich are different ;  they get richer - Harold Meyerson , Washington Post 
Sign up to volunteer with Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Vt
Want to get involved in the election season ?  Volunteer to be a part of Bernie's   campaign :   BTV Vermont POTUSVt
Sanders , Dems push oil speculation vote on tax bill - The Hill's   E2-Wire :   GasPrices Vt
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
Now is the Time :  Read Bernie's   letter to his supporters :   Vermont
Must Read :  Too Big To Bank There -   Wall Street Journal  OWS occupy TBTF
Must Read :  The Rich Get Even Richer - Steven Rattner The New York Times  Vermont Vt RichGetRicher
Like Bernie's   campaign Facebook page and be entered to win a signed copy of his book , The Speech .  Raffle ends on 4/2 :  
According to Economic Policy Inst the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 economy loses approximately 9k jobs for every $1 billion of goods that are imported from overseas . 
Volunteer to be a part of Bernie's   reelection :   Vermont Vt
FACT CHECK :  More 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 drilling didn't drop gas price -   The Associated Press 
Sanders' 'Buy American' crusade helps Middlebury company -      Vermont Vt
Have we learned nothing ?  Deregulating Wall Street led to the worst financial crisis since the 1930s .  JobsAct
Now the same people who caused this horrible recession are telling us that more Wall Street deregulation will create jobs .  JobsACT jobs
See the gap between what individuals and corporations pay in federal income taxes .  Source :     ows p2
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Vt ows p2
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60% over the last decade .  Vermont
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters .  WallStreet
See how Super PAC money is influencing our presidential election cycle :   Source :   Election2012
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Vermont ows p2
Low-income adults are almost twice as likely as higher-income adults to have gone without a dental check up in the last year .  DentalCare
By 2018 , 2/3 of all jobs will require post-secondary education .  Projections show that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 will be 3 million degrees short .  Education
The 6 largest financial institutions now have assets that are equal to 60% of the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 GDP :   ows p2
Wall Street has spent $5 billion over a 10 year period lobbying for less regulation .  Vermont Vt p2 ows
Cash , special interests , dominate political process -   Vermont Florida CitizensUnited
Auction 2012 :  How The Bank Lobby Owns Washington - Dan Froomkin and Paul Blumenthal :   Vermont
Vermonters Vote to Undo Citizens United :   Vermont CitizensUnited
Volunteer to help with Bernie's   re-election campaign here :   Vermont UVM BTV
Once again , speculators behind sharply rising oil and gasoline prices - McClatchy Newspapers .   Vermont GasPrices
Over 16 million low-income children go each year w/o seeing a dentist - Read Bernie's   recent OpEd :   DentalCrisis
On Tuesday a total of 64 Vermont towns voted to overturn the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited ruling .  TMDVt VermontLeads
As of now   is reporting that 50 Vermont towns voted in favor of overturning the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited decision . 
  is reporting that 25 Vermont towns have voted in favor of overturning the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited ruling .  TMDVt
I'm Ben , I'm a person .  I'm Jerry , I'm a person .  Ben & Jerry's   ice cream ?  Not a person .  - Ben & Jerry speaking against CitizensUnited .  Vt
In my view , a corporation does not have first amendment rights to spend as much money as it wants without disclosure on political campaigns . 
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60% over the last decade .  Vermont p2
The wealthiest 400 people in America now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans .  Vermont
$1 trillion in profits over the past decade :  
Join Bernie's   campaign by signing up for his newsletter here :   Vermont
Since 2000 , over 5 . 5 million manufacturing jobs have been lost in America .  Vermont
50 million Americans have no health insurance and 45k Americans die each year b/c they don't have access to health care .  Vermont
Bank of America received a $1 . 9 billion tax refund from the IRS in 2010 , even though it made $4 . 4 billion in profits .  Vt ows p2
Hedge fund managers who made $1 billion last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters & police officers .  Vermont Vt
Large corporations and the wealthy are avoiding $100 billion in taxes each year by using offshore tax shelters .  Vt Vermont Vtpoli
All over the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 , road and bridge projects are being outsourced to Chinese firms :   Jobs p2 ows
From 1980 to 2005 , 80 percent of all new income created in this country went to the top 1 percent . 
Become a citizen co-sponsor of the Saving American Democracy amendment here :   Vermont CitizensUnited
9 : 30pmET on MSNBC Bernie will be talking with Rachel Maddow MSNBC about his effort to make voting available to all citizens .  Vermont Vt
Stay up to date with Bernie's   campaign by joining his email newsletter here :   Vt Vermont Vtpoli p2 ows
Must Read :  The Post Office Is Not Broke
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders News Update 1/31/12 :   CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy OWS
From Daily Kos Bernie Sanders proposes to ax fossil-fuel subsidies and add 10 million sun-powered rooftops :   NoKXL
Miust Read :  Rep Ted Deutsch OpEd :  Cash , special interests , dominate political process miamiherald :   CitizensUnited
American Prospect - Vermonters United :   CitizensUnited vt SavingDemocracy
Keystone XL Protest on Capitol Hill Seeks to 'Blow the Whistle' on Big Oil , Congress 
The corporate barbarians are through the gate of American democracy .  Read more :   CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy
Check out Bernie talking about fighting CitizensUnited on MSNBC's   Up w/ Christopher Hayes  ( ~9 : 30 in )  :   SavingDemocracy
New Statesman - Top 20 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Progressives :  Bernie Sanders :  
Wath Bernie on MSNBC talking w/ Ed Schultz about CitizensUnited & SavingDemocracy :  
Please share & rec Bernie's   latest Daily Kos post on fighting back against CitizensUnited :   OWS PowerOfThePeople
As we approach 2nd anniversary of CitizensUnited , join Bernie , Daily Kos & DFA in pledging to fight back in 2012 :   OWS
Sanders praises EPA coal ruling :  Rutland Herald Online 
OpEd :  The change I believe in by Katrina vanden Heuvel :  Washington Post :  
Payroll and pipeline politics , Vermont style :  Burlington Free Press :   nokxl
Please share & Rec Bernie's   Daily Kos post & petition :  Saving Our Democracy  CitizensUnited Occupy
Postal Service to Delay Shutting Offices , Processing Centers :   
Wasington Post :  Postal service to delay closures 
Bernie will be on The Situation Room w/  Sanders :  Corporations are not people  CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy
CountdownKO producer Joe Lapointe on Bernie Sanders' Quixotic attempt to reverse judicial Reaganism  CitizensUnited
Bernie on MSNBC's   Politics Nation talking about fighting CitizensUnited :   savingdemocracy occupy
Bernie on MSNBC's   Dylan Ratigan Show :  Reining in corporations :   CitizensUnited savingdemocracy occupy
But behind all those statistics is flesh & blood & good people doing all they can to survive .  filibernie
1 year ago :  Rolling Stone Politics :  Bernie Sanders Puts Barack Obama to Shame -  filibernie
Over 12 million Americans have lost health insurance in the last ten years .  filibernie
People are going cold .  People don't have enough food .  People are homeless .  filibernie
1 in 4 bridges is structurally deficient according to DOT .  Will tax breaks for millionaires fix America's   infrastructure ?  filibernie
1 year ago :  Bernie appeared on Keith Olbermann  to talk about the filibernie
How can anybody be proud to say I'm a multimillionaire & I'm getting a huge tax break while 1/4 of kids are on food stamps ?  filibernie
Effective tax rates for the top four hundred income earners in America were cut almost in half from 1992 to 2007 .  filibernie
1 year ago :  Even Stephen Colbert mentioned Bernie & his filibuster on   filibernie
Bernie on MSNBC Reining in corporations :   filibernie
Blurt :   Staff Blog :  Sanders Introduces Constitutional Amendment to Overturn CitizensUnited Ruling 
Bernie's   Saving American Democracy Amendment makes clear corps not entitled to human rights & that corps may be regulated CitizensUnited
There comes a time when an issue is so important the only way to address it is by a constitutional amendment CitizensUnited filibernie
The point that needs to be made is that when is enough , enough ?  filibernie
  Wrong time to cut postal jobs , Sanders says :  
VPR News :  Sanders Fights Postal Service Layoffs :  
Parties roll out dueling payroll tax proposals :  Manu Raju and Jake Sherman :  POLITICO 
'Eat More Kale' T-Shirts Challenged by Chick-fil-A :   eatmorekale
Bernie on MSNBC's   Ed Show :  Republicans on the defensive :   payrolltaxcut socialsecurity
VPR News :  Sanders Wants To Form Bi-Partisan Support For Heating Assistance 
Bernie Sanders confronts defense contractor fraud
NY Times' Mark Bittman visits BTV's   Intervale :  Making Local Food Real :   We're in the midst of a food revolution
VPR News :  Leahy , Sanders Want To Extend , Expand Payroll Tax Cut 
  Supercommittee failure not all bad , Sanders says :   Do I think no deal is better than a bad deal ?  I do . 
MSNBC Ed Schultz Supercommittee fails , President blames Republicans :   The American people are the winners
Sanders :  Obama 'dead wrong' if he cedes taxes on rich in debt deal - The Hill's   Blog Briefing Room :  
Bernie on MSNBC Politics of fairness :   American people want def .  reduction , but in a way that is fair & responsible
VPR News :  Sanders Differs With Leahy , Welch On Deficit Deal  We need some social justice in this country . 
MSNBC Big wins for the Dems in last night's   election :   If Dems do what the American people want , they can win
International Business Times :  Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Process Investigated by Inspector General  nokxl
  Can Occupy Wall Street Push Us To Single Payer ?   OWS Occupy
  editorial :  Postal woes continue :   It is time for the Postal Service to move into the future
  State Department inspector to review pipeline process  NoKXL
The Washington Times WH urged to defer final decision on oil pipeline :   This is a critically important issue noKXL
Daily Kos Breaking :  Has Keystone XL hit a roadblock ?  
  Sanders champions Postal Service  Our goal must be to make the post office smarter and more competitive . 
Sanders to propose postal fix - WCAX :   In midst of recession last thing country needs is to lay off 100 ,000 Americans
No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid !  Bernie's   diary is still on Daily Kos rec list !  Help keep it there :  
Help keep Bernie's   Daily Kos diary at the top of the recommend list :  No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid 
Please read & rec Bernie's   new diary on Daily Kos No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid 
Bernie on MSNBC GOP blocks another jobs bill :  
Sanders :  Transformative moment :   OWS Occupy
Bernie on CNBC Long overdue for us to focus on greed , illegal behavior , & recklessness of Wall St  OWS Occupy
Obama's   Keystone Test from NRDC's     
MSNBC Ed Show :  Social Security cuts on the table in debt talks - 
Chalk this up as a major victory for the American people POLITICO Bank of America nixes $5 debit card fee  OWS
MSNBC Which party is manipulating the poor Americans ?  - 
POLITICO Social Security appears on deficit panel agenda - Jake Sherman and Manu Raju :  
MSNBC Ed Show :  Whirlpool is washing 5 ,000 jobs down the drain :   Corporate greed is destroying the Middle-Class OWS
Lawmakers push Defense fraud , waste report to influence supercommittee cuts -  :  
 :  Bernie Sanders' war on the banks  OCcupyWallStreet OWS
ICYMI :  Bernie on The Situation Room w/  Romney attacks on Obama 'unfair' cnn 
Report :  Fed directors benefited from bailouts 
Shocking Report Reveals the Pentagon's   Addiction to Fraudulent Contractors
Help with vtrecovery at VT Cleanup Day this Saturday , 10/22 !  
Burlington Free Press :  Sanders calls free trade agreements 'disastrous' 
cnn Situation Room w/ Wolf Blitzer - Sanders applauds Wall Street protests -  OccupyWallStreet OWS
Boston Globe - Sanders chides hospitals for pushing for increase in age of Medicare eligibility - 
The Politics of Occupy Wall Street :  Bernie Sanders , Progressives , Big Unions Endorse ;  Obama's   Silent
Bernie on the Ed Show :  'The wrong class is winning' -  OccupyWallStreet OccupyWallSt
Join Bernie on a Conference Call About Social Security on Thursday at 7 : 30 pm EST - 
ICYMI :  Dylan Ratigan Show :  Street protest the only recourse for disempowered Americans :   OccupyWallStreet OccupyWallSt
WPTZ :  Solar Farm Creates Breakthrough With Vt .  Air National Guard :  Solar Energy To Save Military Money , Protect Env .  .  .  
Sanders to Obama :  Fully fund LIHEAP - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Burlington Free Press - Sanders addresses Postal Service rally - 
Must read :  President Obama shouldn't be afraid of a little class warfare - Washington Post - 
Support Bernie's   bill to save Social Security - Sign and RT this White House petition :   SocialSecurity
Please share and rec Bernie's   Daily Kos article - Why do Republicans hate Social Security ?  - 
Bernie on The Ed Show :  House Republicans say Pres .  Obama is campaigning , not a leader  ( MSNBC )  - 
Bernie on Martin Bashir - GOP , Democrats at odds over economy - 
Rally on Capitol Hill :  'Medicaid Matters'
Crowd of 8 ,500 at Fighting Bob Fest Shows Wisconsin Struggle Continues - Working In These Times :  
Sanders , liberal Dems express 'deep disappointment' over Obama's   smog retreat - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Must read :  Time to Declare a New War on Poverty
Harkin steak fry lifts liberals , lampoons GOP 2012ers
Thousands Cheer Bernie Sanders' Appeal to Obama , Super Committee :  Make the Rich Pay for Deficits
from the   - Part 1 :  My notes and The Speeches of Fighting Bob Fest 2011  - featuring videos of Bernie
MSNBC's   Hardball w/ Chris Matthews - Poverty rate becomes highest in decades - 
Vermont Edition :  Market Solutions To Climate Change ;  Rising Poverty Rates 
Liberals fear payroll-tax holiday will undermine Social Security - TheHill . com :  
The Guardian - The decline and fall of the American middle class
Business Insider - The Fallout Has Begun Over Bernie Sanders' Release Of Confidential Trading Data - 
Dems :  Great speech , now walk the walk - TheHill . com :  
Sanders :  If we can afford to rebuild overseas we can afford to rebuild Vermont - The Hill's   Video :  
Countdown w/ Keith Olbermann - Sanders , Ellison and Grijalva react to Obama's   speech - 
Bernie's   entire Middlebury Labor Day Rally speech is now up on the Friends of Bernie Sanders website - check it out :  
VPR News :  Lawmakers Fight Over Emergency Funding 
Job Speech Important to Liberals  :  Roll Call News 
Democrats fear it's   too late - TheHill . com :  
Oil Prices :  Sanders Says Speculators Keeping Crude Artificially High 
Due to rain , Bernie's   Labor Day Rallies will be held at the indoor locations .  Details :   
Reminder :  Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Burlington Free Press - Obama approves major disaster aid for Vermont - 
Burlington Free Press - Vermont delegation wins protesters' approval on pipeline issue - 
Bernie on CNN - 'There's   a lot of despair' in Vermont cnn 
MSNBC's   The Ed Show :  Bernie Sanders says Eric Cantor is destroying the fabric of America - 
New York Times - Federal Austerity Changes Disaster Relief :  
Several Democrats attack State .  Dept .  pipeline finding - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Reminder :  Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Must read :  Martin Luther King Jr Would Want a Revolution , Not a Memorial - Editorial by Cornel West - 
Sanders :  Strengthen Social Security by taxing large incomes
Burlington Free Press - Sanders proposes Social Security reform - 
Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Ed Show :  Bachmann still thinks she can make gas prices drop below two dollars a gallon -  - Bernie & Ed talk oil futures
VPR News :  Sanders Takes Budget Fight Across The Country 
International Business Times - Sanders Sponsors Bill to Curb Oil Speculation - 
Burlington Free Press - Sanders releases oil trading data , traders concerned - 
Bernie Sanders :  America Needs a Bold Jobs Plan
Bernie on Ed Schultz GOP criticizes Obama on jobs , having created none - 
Bernie will take the stage at the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2W Convention at 5 pm  ( EDT )  to talk about Jobs Crisis - we'll post video as soon as it's   available USW11
  - Justice Department stays out of Vermont Yankee dispute - 
So , we have a real crisis in terms of unemployment & yet we have enormous needs in this country that have to be .  .  .  
Don't forget , Bernie is on Thom Hartmann's   show every Friday at noon .  Check out Thom's   website for radio stations .  .  .  
[Republicans] have been enormously successful in saying they will defend .  .  .  the richest people .  .  .  & largest .  .  .  
Who's   the radical ?  - Bennington Banner :  
What this legislation does is deficit reduction on the backs of the elderly , the sick , the children , and some of .  .  .  
Bernie Sanders :  Debt Deal is Immoral , Grotesque , Unfair
VPR News :  Vermont Delegation Split On Debt Ceiling Vote 
What this proposal is about is that the wealthy - the millionaires , the billionaires , the oil companies , the .  .  .  
Must Read :   - The President Surrenders on Debt Ceiling - 
Sanders calls debt plan 'huge victory' for GOP
Fuel efficiency :  Will new rules cure 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 addiction to foreign oil ?  - CSMonitor . com 
 .  .  . the American people are angry .  .  .  They are in the midst of a horrible recession - real unemployment 16% , wages .  .  .  
If the Republicans have their way , the entire burden of deficit reduction will be placed on the elderly , the .  .  .  
Amazing - over 5000 people have now liked this page - can we pass 10 ,000 by next week ?  Please share Friends of .  .  .  
I thought it was a good speech - it probably should have been given 6 or 7 months ago .  .  .  Check out Bernie's   .  .  .  
HuffPost Politics - How House Progressives Can Save the Debt Ceiling Deal  .  .  .  and the Middle Class - 
HuffPost Politics - Bernie Sanders Gets Sarcastic , Rips Gang Of Six Plan - 
Bernie on proposed social security cuts and 'Gang of Six' - Bill Press Show - 
Gang of Six Plan ?  Not So Fast , Says Bernie Sanders
Wow , what a response - Bernie's   diary is number one on the Daily Kos recommended list - help keep it there by .  .  .  
Bernie just posted a new diary on Daily Kos - check it out and give it a Rec !  
This is a pivotal moment in the history of our country .  Decisions being made now will impact not only our lives , .  .  .  
Check out this great video of a temporary art installation by artists Ligorano/Reese .  The video's   soundtrack .  .  .  
Elections Have Consequences 
Lawmakers tune in to social media
When the wealthiest people in this country are becoming wealthier & their tax rates are the lowest in 50 years ;  .  .  .  
Sanders :  Obama proposal would impoverish 250 ,000 - The Hill's   On The Money :  
Obama faces heat from the left over Social Security - latimes . com 
Sanders calls for 's  hared sacrifice' - Bennington Banner :  
VPR News :  With Petition In Hand , Sanders Pushes For Tax On Wealthy 
Heard on the Hill :  Bernie's   Budget Bombardment  :  Roll Call News 
If we're going to come up with a serious deficit reduction package , it must include contributions from the .  .  .  
The Nation Bernie Sanders to Obama and the Democrats :  Stand Up to the Economic and Political Schoolyard Bullies' .  .  
We need the White House to play a leadership role & go out to the American people & take the debate outside the .  .  .  
Bernie on MSNBC Democrats show some fight in the budget battle - 
Sanders :  Americans Want Shared Sacrifice to Solve Deficit 
Sanders blocks nuclear agency official's   confirmation over Vermont reactor - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Mr President , Stand with the majority of people who believe deficit reduction requires SharedSacrifice
The American people understand it is not fair to come down on people who are already hurting .  SharedSacrifice
Mr President do not yield to outrageous Republican demands SharedSacrifice
If hundreds of thousands do that I hope the President will have strength & determination not to balance budget on weak SharedSacrifice
It is time to bring troops home at an accelerated rate Shared Sacrifice
Repeal Bush tax rates for top 2 % - 700 billion dollars SharedSacrifice
It is time for SharedSacrifice
Recent NBC/Wall St Journal poll - 81% of Americans think it is totally or mostly acceptable to impose surtax on millionairesSharedSacrifice
In 2005 1 out 4 corporations paid nothing in taxes SharedSacrifice
18857 companies call a single 4 story building in Cayman Islands home SharedSacrifice
Republicans think solution is not to ask Bank of America for fair share , but to ruin medicare as we know it SharedSacrifice
The problem isn't just that Ryan budget is morally questionable it also wouldn't work .  SharedSacrifice
Republican plan would cost 1 . 7 million jobs by 2014 SharedSacrifice
The Republican idea of a balanced budget is to go after middle class & working Americans and wealthiest are protected .  SharedSacrifice
Republican does not ask wealthiest or corps to contribute one penny to deficit reduction .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget does nothing to address wasteful defense spending .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would slash funding for crumbling infrastructure by 40% next year alone .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would kick 10 million Americans off food stamps .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would slash Pell grants by 50 % SharedSacrifice
When 50 million have no insurance , Republican budget would decimate Medicaid & cut nursing home assistance in 1/2 .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would end medicare as we know it within 10 years .  SharedSacrifice
In other words the only reason we have to increase debt ceiling is to pay bills Repub , some Dems & Pres Bush wracked up .  SharedSacrifice
When we gave 700 billion in tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans - where was the concern then ?  SharedSacrifice
When we spend a trillion dollars on wars & forgets to pay for those wars , we get a deficit .  SharedSacrifice
How did we go from huge surpluses to huge debt ?  SharedSacrifice
10 years ago country had an annual surplus of 236 billion with projected surpluses as far as eye could see SharedSacrifice
Deficit did not just take place overnight SharedSacrifice
That reality is rich are getting richer , poor poorer & middle class is disappearing SharedSacrifice
400 Americans own more wealth than bottom 150 million Americans SharedSacrifice
80% of all new income went to the top 1% SharedSacrifice
While all of that happens , another economic reality is taking place , the gap between wealthiest & everyone else is widening SharedSacrifice
The President has got to stand tall & take the case to the American people SHaredSacrifice
It is not just a tragedy for those students , it is a tragedy for this nation .  SharedSacrifice
Stuck , tired & hopeless SharedSacrifice
How bad does it have to get ?  SharedSacrifice
The truth is behind the numbers there are real people who are hurting terribly .  .  our job is to pay attention to those peopleSharedSacrifice
When we talk about the economy we've got to understand the situation is often worse than the statistics suggest SharedSacrifice
Unless the American people rise up and say enough is enough I'm afraid the President will yield once again SharedSacrifice
We will not be blackmailed again by the Republican leadership in Washington SharedSacrifice
In my view the president of the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to stand with the majority of the American people & make clear enough is enough SharedSacrifice
Bernie is on the floor now !  SharedSacrifice
400 families in America now own more wealth than bottom 50% of the country .  That is not SharedSacrifice - 20 Mins to Bernie's   speech ! 
Real unemployment is at about 15 percent , the highest since the Great Depression .  Time for SharedSacrifice
Middle class incomes have dropped by more than $2 ,600 over the past ten years .  Time for SharedSacrifice ? 
Over 12 million Americans have lost health insurance in the last ten years .  Time for SharedSacrifice  ? 
Don't forget to tune in to Bernie's   4 PM Speech !  Less than an hour to go .  SharedSacrifice 
Deficit crisis is real , but it cannot be solved on the backs of weak & vulnerable .  Those with money & power must contribute SharedSacrifice
Bernie's   speech on SharedSacrifice will begin at 4 pm - don't forget to tune in . 
The question is :  Where are the Democrats ?  Where is President Obama ?  Will they demand deficit reduction include SharedSacrifice ? 
Republican budget actually provides $1 trillion more in tax breaks over the next 10 years for the very rich .  Is that SharedSacrifice  ? 
What caused deficit crisis ?  2 wars , tax breaks for rich , Wall St bailout & a prescription drug program - all unpaid for .  SharedSacrifice
Bernie Sanders to Obama :  Do Not Yield to Outrageous Republican Demands on Taxes , Cuts , Deficit Pol 
Bernie Sanders to Obama :  Do Not Yield to Outrageous Republican Demands on Taxes , Cuts , Deficit Po .  .  .   SharedSacrifice
But behind all those statistics is flesh & blood & good people doing all they can to survive .  Time for real SharedSacrifice
sharedsacrifice :  America now has a situation where the CEOs of large corporations make over 260 times more than .  .  .  
Come visit Bernie's   2012 campaign site :   SharedSacrifice
sharedsacrifice I think this is an issue that we have to stay on and stay on and stay on .  This greed , this .  .  .  
1 in 4 bridges is structurally deficient according to DOT .  Will tax breaks for millionaires fix America's   infrastructure ?  sharedsacrifice
But I would hope that these people who are worth hundreds of millions of dollars , that they will look around them .  .  .  
Don't forget to follow   on FB , as well :   filibernie sharedsacrifice
Don't forget to follow   on FB , as well :  www . facebook . com/FriendsOfBernie filibernie sharedsacrifice
It's   not only income , it's   wealth .  The top one percent own more wealth than the bottom ninety percent .  Enough is enough .  sharedsacrifice
how can anybody be proud to say I'm a multimillionaire & I'm getting a huge tax break while 1/4 of kids are on food stamps ?  sharedsacrifice
Effective tax rates for the top four hundred income earners in America was cut almost in half from 1992 to 2007 .  Time for sharedsacrifice
The American people believe in the concept of sharedsacrifice , not balancing the budget on the most vulnerable people in this country
The point that needs to be made is that when is enough , enough ?  filibernie sharedsacrifice
It is time for SharedSacrifice
MSNBC - Cantor backs out of budget talks - 
Bernie on Ed Schultz Ed asks , 'When does the greed stop ? ' - 
Excessive Oil Speculation :  Wall Street's   Tax on Us  from
ABC News - Bernie Sanders :  Republican Budget is 'Laughable' 
  - Sanders proposes cheaper , speedier solar power permits - 
Bernie on Ed Schultz - Gas prices take a curious tumble - 
Sanders :  Obama lacks 'urgency' on oil speculation - The Hill's   E2-Wire 
Why pharma's   patents are a drug on the market
Sanders reiterates demands on budget - The Hill's   On The Money 
VPR News :  Sanders' Plan To Tax Millionaires Gains Support 
From AlterNet . org :  How We Can Kick-Start the Economy , Save Lives , Give Working People a Raise and .  .  .  
Bernie Sanders on ABC News :  Don't Play Games with Debt Limit 
Single payer health care legislation introduced in Congress
Check out Bernie on Rachel Maddow MSNBC last night - 
Sanders Editorial in   'We will stand up for the Clean Air Act' 
Bernie talks about Ryan budget plan on Ed Schultz The GOP's   war on Medicare - 
Bernie on Patt Morrison About that $38 . 5 billion in spending cuts .  .  . make it $352 million 
Ed Schultz -The details of the drastic budget cuts -  Bernie talks about why he's   voting no
  - Sanders to vote 'no' on $38B in federal cuts 
Why is the Federal Reserve Propping Up the Bank of Libya ? 
Bernie on Ed Schultz  :  How corporations are avoiding taxes - 
Raw Story :  Sanders introduces millionaire surtax to slash deficit - 
Vermont's   Struggle for Single-Payer Healthcare
Smithsonian pledges to sell more 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2-made gifts - Washington Times 
Bernie Sanders :  Rely on more tax revenue for deficit reduction - The Hill's   On The Money 
Brattleboro Reformer :  Obama endorses Vermont health care waiver - 
Bernie on Patt Morrison Radio Show on SCPR :  
Bernie on MSNBC Tues night :  Corporate wealth guides anti-union fight - 
Bernie Sanders on Obama Budget :  'I Think It's   Bad' - PBS News Hour - 
On the Dylan Ratigan Show last week :  Sanders on what banking should be - 
Bernie on MSNBC last week :  Taxes remain at lowest point since 1950s - 
Sanders OpEd :  Saving Social Security :  The program needs to be shored up , not dismantled - latimes . com 
Bernie on The Last Word w/ Lawrence O'Donnell :  Repeal defeat in the House - 
The Pentagon Fraud Papers :  Contractors That Defrauded DOD Were Rewarded With $285 Billion in New C .  .  
Bernie on MSNBC :  Courting the right -  - talking about battle over health care reform bill
Bernie on Connect The Dots w/ John Nichols & Rep Kucinich :  
Bernie was on the Ed Schultz on Friday :  Segment :  Will the GOP end Social Security ?  - 
Check out Bernie's   Op Ed in next issue of In These Times :  Organizing Help Wanted -- 
Vermont pushes for single-payer health care in lieu of national reform law
Bernie on Ed Schutz's   show :  GOP won't budge on repeal - 
Last Thursday Bernie appeared on Randi Rhodes radio show - check it out here :  
Exclusive :  'Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit ,' Sanders tells Raw
Sanders' 8 1/2-hour speech to be sold in book form -  -   filibernie
Exclusive :  Obama may cut Social Security , Sanders tells Raw
VT delegation to help clear obstacles to health reform -   - 
Bernie receives award at Burlington MLK event  
The Progressive Honor Roll of 2010
Washington Post The Fix - Bernie a Winner in Lame Duck Session - Winners and Losers of the Lame Duck Congress - 
Rolling Stone Politics :  Bernie Sanders Puts Barack Obama to Shame - 
Miss it ?  Stephen Colbert mentioned Bernie & hisfilibuster Monday night on   filibernie
Bernie appeared on Ed Schultz  & Keith Olbermann  Mon to talk about tax deal filibernie
Forbes put together a word cloud of Bernie's   speech :   filibernie
Bernie has yielded the floor after almost 9 hours - but the tax deal isn't dead and Bernie isn't done fighting !  filibernie
8 hours and counting
Bernie on Countdown With Keith Olbermann :  Opposing the Tax Bill - 
 Huffington Post - Bernie Sanders Rallies Activists To Sink Obama's   Tax Compromise
Bernie on the Ed Show :  Reaction to President's   defense of tax cut compromise - 
Bernie on the Dylan Ratigan Show :  Why he's   threatening to filibuster the tax-cut deal - 
  - Sanders , Welch among leaders opposing Obama tax deal - 
I think he has not fully understood that the American people are prepared for a fight .  - Bernie Washington Post 
Sanders Hints He'll Filibuster Tax Cuts Compromise  :  Roll Call 
NY Times - G . E .  and JPMorgan Got Lots of Fed Help in '08 - 
Fed's   'Backdoor Bailout' Provided $3 . 3 Trillion in Loans to Banks , Corporations
  editorial :  Bernie Sanders has cracked open the Federal Reserve - 
Bernie will be on a live call with DemocracyForAmerica Tues 10/7 8pm - Go here to RSVP :  
A clip from last night's   Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show mentioned below - 
Bernie on Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC  :  Obama , GOP stance on tax cuts absurd - 
Reading :  
A-Gerrymandering We Will Go
Sanders :  Dems must stand firm on tax cuts for middle-class , not millionaires 
Bernie Sanders on the Class War and President Obama - from Daily Kos - 
Bernie Sanders's   Progressive Plan to Balance Budgets , Defeat Deficits and Avert Austerity
Bernie's   2012 reelection campaign is now on twitter - check back often for updates and please give input and advice ! 
TDSBreakingNews Disney bans selfie sticks from its parks .  Terrible news for people who visit Disneyworld alone , i . e .  , weirdos . 
Full ep - The Pope upsets Republicans with remarks on global warming , and Bobby Jindal enters the presidential race .  
Gay marriage is legal !  Say goodbye to The Hate Class of 2015 !  
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie to join GOP race Tuesday .  Slogan to be hey , me too , guys ! 
TDSBreakingNews Nintendo will allow same sex marriages in new video game .  Mario ditches long-time beard , Princess Peach . 
'99 Daily Show Employee Of The Year Awards  ( FYI Dave Blog still holds the title )  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Fox News drops Sarah Palin .  Replaces her with actual grizzly bear they taught to say maverick . 
TDSBreakingNews Univ .  of California may ban phrase 'melting pot' .  Liquid imagery deemed offensive to solids , gases . 
TDSBreakingNews Facebook now worth more than Wal-Mart .  Both places for old people to hang out and share pictures of their grandkids . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Conservatives better at dieting than liberals .  Build fence around fridge to keep food from migrating into stomachs . 
TDSBreakingNews SCOTUS sides w/ raisin farmers in property rights case .  Our quest for justice has come to an end .  
Full ep - Jessica R .  Williams takes on the Confederate flag , and Al Franken discusses going from comedy to Congress .  
TDSBreakingNews Fiorina to 'throw punches' onstage if included in debates .  Mostly due to Super PAC contributions from Hawaiian Punch . 
TDSBreakingNews CIA :  Bin Laden's   porn stash to remain classified .  Bad news for anyone whose life goal was masturbate like a terrorist . 
TDSBreakingNews New device helps the blind see with their tongues .  Device called LSD . 
TDSBreakingNews Listeners outraged after Kim Kardashian appears on NPR .  Plans scrapped for Serial season 2 How Did Kim Get So Cool ? 
Jordan Klepper attempts to cover the Rachel Dolezal scandal :   
Ask Jon Anything using JonStewartsAskhole .  And yes , it can be ANYTHING . 
Jon reacts to the shooting in Charleston - 
Full ep - The House of Reps votes on trade legislation , and Bill Clinton discusses the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2's   economic prospects .  
Got a favorite DailyShow congressional take-down ?  Vote now :   CapitolPunishment
TDSBreakingNews Hungary orders 100-mile border fence .  There goes the Mexican-Hungarian vote . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 birth rate rises for the first time in 7 years .  Restaurants now 5% more screamy . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Teenagers are losing confidence in the American dream .  Confidence in texting while driving remains intact . 
TDSBreakingNews Mexican supreme court legalizes same-sex marriage .  Adding , Will this keep homophobic frat boys from spring breaking here ? 
Only Aziz can make Jon's   coffee just the way he likes it .  onceaninternalwaysanintern 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton releases election Spotify playlist .  Part of her campaign theme , I'm Human .  .  .  No , seriously , I am ! 
TDSBreakingNews Jurassic World breaks box office records .  Also breaks all rules of science , chaos , and evolution . 
TDSBreakingNews CDC :  Avg .  woman weighs as much as 1960s 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 man .  But if it's   any consolation , she still gets paid less than he does ! 
BREAKING -- from the Comedy Central overlords :  It's   almost Emmy season -- time for a stirring awards trailer .  
TDSBreakingNews Record no .  of Americans renounce 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship in 1st quarter .  Had only just read a history book .  Wait , we did WHAT ?  ! 
Jon definitely loves all the books his guests come on the show to promote .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Brain eating tribe from Papua New Guinea immune to dementia .  Heart eating tribe prone to loving too much . 
TDSBreakingNews Murdoch to step down as Fox CEO .  Wants to spend more time undermining political discourse with his family . 
TDSBreakingNews FIFA suspends bidding for 2026 World Cup amid corruption scandal .  Sad news for citizens of Cashbekistan . ThoughtTheyHadIt
TDSBreakingNews Pornhub crowdfunding porn shoot in space .  Conspiracy theorists allege moneyshot will be filmed on Arizona soundstage . 
Full Ep :  Pres Obama attends the G7 summit , the Cuomo brothers broadcast their sibling rivalry , and Nick Offerman .  
TDSBreakingNews Former WH press sec'y Robert Gibbs accepts job at McDonalds .  Wanted to try defending the diametric opposite of Obamacare . 
TDSBreakingNews Only 4 people showed up for Santorum at an Iowa campaign stop .  3 of whom were expecting something else .  GoogleIt
TDSBreakingNews Bad News :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Army website hacked .  Good News :  VA website still such a sh**show , experts deem it unhackable . 
TDSBreakingNews United Arab Emirates to launch Mars mission by 2021 .  Plans to launch successful Mars mission by 2560
TDSBreakingNews Merkel accuses Obama of prez-spreading at the G7 summit .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Economy adds 280 ,000 jobs in May .  Unfortunately , most are temporary jobs as Republican Presidential Candidate . 
TDSBreakingNews Google engineer :  Humans will be hybrids by 2030 .  Elon Musk already hard at work on prototype for The Tesla Steve . 
TDSBreakingNews San Francisco too expensive for McDonald's   .  Just as well , since McDonald's   is too McDonald's   for San Francisco . 
TDSBreakingNews Interpol issues alert for soccer execs .  Citizens are allowed to arrest anyone near a soccer ball , just in case . 
The closest Jon Stewart will ever get to high fashion .  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  52% of Americans view George W .  Bush favorably .  Related :  52% of Americans did not read the newspaper from 2000-2008 . 
TDSBreakingNews IRS still using 13-year old Windows XP , plan to update it once they finish downloading The Black Album off Napster . 
TDSBreakingNews Beijing bans public smoking .  Poor air quality considered a danger to the cigarettes . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Husbands of female breadwinners more likely to cheat .  .  . AT SCRABBLE !  LOL naw , just kidding , the heartbreaking kind . 
TDSBreakingNews SCOTUS :  Violent threats online may be protected free speech .  The internet :  Now even MORE consequence-free ! 
TDSBreakingNews Fracking is officially banned in Maryland .  Chesapeake Bay to remain boringly noncombustible . 
TDSBreakingNews Pakistani spy-pigeon arrested in india .  Busted by squirrel wearing a wire . 
TDSBreakingNews National spelling bee ends in a tie .  Officials to add tie-breaking knife fight to the death round for next year . 
Democalypse 2016 - Bernie Sanders stands out as an unconventional presidential contender .   
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military accidentally shipped live anthrax to South Korea .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military = worst Secret Santa ever . 
TDSBreakingNews Nebraska abolishes death penalty .  Cruel and unusual living in Nebraska penalty still on the books . 
TDSBreakingNews Mississippi found fattest state for 2nd year .  Vows to lose at least 2 S's   and 1 P before summer Misisipi BikiniSeason
Full Ep - Top FIFA officials face corruption charges and allergy season hits dangerous levels .   
TDSBreakingNews china creates a new billionaire every week .  The one job we didn't mean to outsource .  oops
New DailyShowPodcast episode .  Hasan Minhaj goes deep into the Daily Show's   control room .  
TDSBreakingNews ABC's   Stephanopoulos gave $50k to Clintons . Check out his new special , Hill4Ever :  Our Future Awesome President Impartial
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Chronic depression may increase stroke risk .  So , uh , hope that helps , depressed people . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Rich men drink more than anyone else .  But if they're truly rich , why don't they hire people to drink for them ? 
TDSBreakingNews Harriet Tubman wins poll to replace Andrew Jackson on $20 bill .  Now let them enforce it , Zombie Jackson replies . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia gives John Kerry gift of potatoes .  Or as they call it in Russia , pre-vodka . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Fewer Americans identify as Christian .  Santa shrugs , says Makes my job easier ! 
TDSBreakingNews Egg , turkey meat prices rise as bird flu spreads .  We knew this was a risk when we created the Turducken .  DevilsFowl
Full ep - Jordan Klepper looks at $ in democracy in the UK , and Jon talks with John Legend  
TDSBreakingNews Ancient Egyptians faked animal mummies .  And those big pointed , triangley buildings ?  Cardboard . 
Jon responds to Tom Brady after the Deflategate report is released .   
Looking for that hilarious new book about rodents and utensils ?  Get Ratscalibur , by former TDS Exec .  Prod .    
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Americans are drinking less , spending more on fancy booze , peeing out higher quality urine . 
Al Madrigal tells the legend of El Jebe Bush .   
Jon explains to Tom Brady why the great ones don't need to cheat :   
TDSBreakingNews Gov Christie :  Climate change is real and humans contribute to it .  So he's   definitely not running for the GOP nomination . 
Full ep - Texan conspiracy theorists fear a military takeover , and Jessica R .  Williams investigates same-sex marriage protests .  
More Republican contenders for the 2016 presidential race .   
TDSBreakingNews Unemployment falls to 7 year low .  Funemployment remains a lie people tell themselves to feel better . 
Jon addresses Tom Brady personally after the Deflategate report is released .   
Exclusive - Mumford & Sons perform The Cave .  
TDSBreakingNews Pope Francis becomes honorary Globetrotter .  But aren't ALL Globetrotters honorary Globetrotters ?  ThinkingJoke
TDSBreakingNews Federal appeals court rules NSA phone program illegal , according to bug NSA placed in court . 
Full episode -  DailyShow 
TDSBreakingNews Majority of millionaires consider themselves middle class .  Especially when the help is up for a raise . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 approves ferry service between Cuba and Florida .  Seven dollar beers ?  !  We'll just take the homemade raft , say Cubans . 
TDSBreakingNews Millennials have fewer premarital sex partners than their parents .  Boomers :  The earth ain't the only thing we've f**ked ! 
TDSBreakingNews Isis dropped from UN hurricane name list .  Most drastic measure UN has taken against ISIS thus far . 
TDSBreakingNews Norway ranks world's   best place to be a mother .  At least for the half of the year when bedtime is 2pm . 
TDSBreakingNews iran bans devil worshiping haircuts .  AKA Business up front , human sacrifice in the back . 
DailyShowPodcast - Zhubin Parang reveals how his obsession with The Five led to iamsambee's   memorable performance .  
TDSBreakingNews Walmart tells laid off workers to avoid alcohol , chocolate .  Workers :  Ha !  We didn't make enough to buy alcohol , chocolate ! 
Full ep - Bernie Sanders enters the presidential race , Jon celebrates Samantha Bee's   last day , and Kristen Wiig .  
TDSBreakingNews NRA's   LaPierre :  Obama will ban ammo before leaving office .  Adds So start collecting acorns now !  NaturesBullets
Samantha Bee gives a teary farewell as she departs from The Daily Show :   
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 4 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 renters use half their income for rent .  Other half replacing the Chobani that roommate stole AGAIN !  DAMMIT KATIE ! 
New DailyShowPodcast episode !  Samantha Bee bids farewell to The Daily Show :  
The Best of Samantha Bee - 
TDSBreakingNews Experts :  Times New Roman is a bad choice for resumes .  Oh yeah , definitely use Comic Sans , reiterate snickering experts . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA spacecraft crashes into Mercury .  NASA to Mercury :  We don't have to get the cops involved , right ?  NotInsured
TDSBreakingNews Fargo lawmaker who voted against gay rights caught on Grindr .  In his defense , hypocrisy is listed as one of his turn-ons . 
A rare coalition brings Democrats and Republicans together to help Public Safety end mass incarceration .  
Baltimore on Fire - 
 hasanminhaj's   plea to get Congress to start working together .  FUCO 
Hasan Minhaj gets the conversation started !  FUCO 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  America's   most racist people live in the rural Northeast , South .  Midwest vows to try harder next year . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL will end its tax exempt status .  Still maintains exemption from the laws of brain science . 
CNN lavishly celebrates at the White House Correspondents' Dinner despite riots raging in nearby Baltimore .  - 
Jessica Williams , live from The Capitol !  
TDSBreakingNews Chipotle bans genetically modified foods .  We shouldn't have played God says scientist being eaten by giant burrito . 
TDSBreakingNews Loretta Lynch sworn in as 83rd attorney general .  Finally gets a slice of five-month-old congratulatory cake . 
We only enter the future on the intellectual capital brought to this world by the geek-o-sphere .  - Neil deGrasse Tyson 
TDSBreakingNews Bin Laden's   bodyguards arrested in Italy .  Now their self-improvement trip is ruined .  They won't get to pray or love ! 
TDSBreakingNews china cracks down on funeral strippers .  Can't they just put makeup on a corpse and make us look at it , like a normal country ? 
John Hodgman bids farewell to Earth and joins an exclusive group of billionaires on Mars -  
Jon announces his departure date .   
TDSBreakingNews Hawaii wants to be 1st state to run on renewable energy .  Striving to perfect lei-burning car . 
Jon hopes everyone's   recovered from their Earth Day hangovers .   
TDSBreakingNews Snow makes a comeback in 23 states at the end of April .  Put it on eBay .  California will buy it . 
aasif mandvi Mandvi explains how the anti-GMO lobby results in a monopoly on GMOs by companies like Simplot and Monsanto .  
TDSBreakingNews Conservatives think climate change won't occur in their lifetime .  See ? They don't deny science .  It's   just not their problem ! 
Jon reports on CNN's   420 coverage .   
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Too many vitamins can cause cancer .  Study funded by the Institute of Well Then I Guess F**k It . 
TDSBreakingNews japanese train breaks world speed record at 375 mph .  American train sets world stalled-on-the-tracks record at 375 hours . 
TDSBreakingNews 'Full House' sequel coming to Netflix .  Did not follow show's   own advice to cut it out . 
Jon imagines if life were like Congress .  
Jon announces the start date of his new career as non-host of The Daily Show !  
TDSBreakingNews Tim Tebow makes NFL return with the Eagles .  Proving once and for all that God hates football . 
TDSBreakingNews CNN hires nearly 40 new reporters to boost ratings .  Also adds love triangle between Blitzer , Brooke Baldwin , trained bear . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry on 2016 :  I'm smarter and healthier than 2012 .  Is one other thing too , but he forgot .  OOPS
Congress takes issue with President Obama's   tentative nuclear deal with iran -  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Maple syrup may make antibiotics more effective .  Mary Poppins :  See ?  It DOES help the medicine go down .  SmugBitch
TDSBreakingNews White House fence to get spikes .  Biden will continue to be on the lookout from his tree house .  NoGOPsAllowed
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 rent costs rising faster than inflation .  Time to return to earlier housing model :  riding rails as hobo kings . 
Is America ready for a woman president ?  Sam Bee answered that question years ago .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Justice John Roberts gets called for jury duty in Maryland .  Finally forced to lose the robe and buy a real pair of pants . 
TDSBreakingNews Megyn Kelly :  I should get Hillary intvw , not O'Reilly .  Ordered to stand in corner til she's   ready to act like a big girl . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA creates car that drives sideways .  WOAH !  !  !  !  !  Finally !  Now we can .  .  .  just , like .  .  .  drive sideways . 
Full ep - Congress criticizes a proposed treaty with iran , and Hillary Clinton overshadows Rubio's   presidential bid .  
TDSBreakingNews World Health Organization :  Delhi has world's   worst air .  73% smog , 12% turmeric . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Nearly a quarter of teens go online 'almost constantly' .  The rest spend that time analog masturbating . 
TDSBreakingNews Biden 'not ready' to decide presidential run .  Still calculating exactly how big a waste of money it would be . 
TDSBreakingNews 90% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults now have health insurance .  Can now try extreme sports like volcano bungee jumping and driving to work . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Obese may have lower dementia risk .  Cheesecake Factory now reclassified as brain food . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia bans celebrity memes .  Apparently they're the single biggest threat to civilization  ( next to gay rights )  . 
TDSBreakingNews White House :  If only we'd thought of this 6 years ago .  
TDSBreakingNews JP Morgan CEO :  new crisis is coming .  But we just got done not passing any regulations after the LAST one ! 
Samantha Bee loses her cool after learning that rape victims have to fight for custody rights against their attackers .  
TDSBreakingNews Nearly 1 in 10 Americans have anger issues and access to guns .  Other 9 out of 10 plan to never leave home again . 
TDSBreakingNews Maya Angelou's   new stamp features a quote that isn't hers .  Should've known when it read I know why the aged curd clings . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL hires first female referee .  So let's   call our women issues the past couple years a wash , says NFL . 
Full ep - Hasan Minhaj reports on the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2-iran nuclear deal , Rand Paul announces his candidacy , and Peter Dinklage .  
TDSBreakingNews TSA to keep $675 ,000 in forgotten change .  Enough to buy a laughably small portion of the drugs Customs kept . 
And hasanminhaj's   mom said these skills would never be good for anything .  practicemakesperfect 
TDSBreakingNews Greece demands reparations for Nazi war .  Grease demands reparations for Grease 2 . 
Jon reacts to indiana's   Religious Freedom Restoration Act :   
TDSBreakingNews DC power outages hit White House , Capitol , State Dept .  Secret Service swears Not our fault this time !  , falls over , pukes . 
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush listed self as Hispanic on '09 voter form , which is the 1st interesting thing he's   ever done ComoSeDiceBoring
Jon weighs in on Passover and Easter :   
Rejection sucks .  Hear how correspondent Hasan Minhaj and writer Delaney Yeager deal with it every day .  - 
Jon speaks with some California natives as the state struggles to combat the most severe drought in its history - 
Kristen Schaal discovers that some sci-fi fantasies will come true before women get equal pay .  
New DailyShowPodcast episode :  Hasan Minhaj and   on how they deal with rejection at The Daily Show .  
Hasan Minhaj investigates how Oregon's   marijuana industry is impacting the state's   vulnerable animal population :  
Very excited to welcome our next host :  Trevor Noah That's   right - another guy in late night from Soweto .  
Full ep-Jason Jones bids farewell , Jon congratulates Fox News for being right , and former orca trainer John Hargrove .  
The Daily Show's   Most Naked Correspondent - Jason Jones 
Jon gives Fox News the recognition they so desperately require .   
TDSBreakingNews House somehow passes bipartisan Medicare package , vows in blood oath never to tell the world what happened . 
TDSBreakingNews Microsoft CEO can spy on employees .  Mostly catches them emailing resumes to Apple . 
TDSBreakingNews O'Reilly :  'Journalism standards have declined increasingly' .  Adding Well , looks like my work here is done . 
Jon speaks with some potential casualties of the California drought .   
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton wants a new relationship with the press .  Announces at rose petal-covered , candlelit press conference . 
Jason Jones describes what it's   like to work with the writers in the latest DailyShowPodcast .   
TDSBreakingNews Liberty students faced fines if they skipped Ted Cruz speech .  Faced aneurysm if they didn't .  toughchoice
TDSBreakingNews NYC Board of Health cracks down on children's   juice .  Just don't drink anything ever , Board of Health advises . 
Ted Cruz announces his candidacy at Liberty University -  
TDSBreakingNews Picasso's   electrician returns 271 stolen paintings .  Then dubbed Picasso of Electricians Who Steal Paintings from Picasso . 
TDSBreakingNews Taylor Swift bought her own porn domain names .  Turns out Shake It Off is not about what we all thought it was about . 
TDSBreakingNews Gallup :  Salt Lake City has higher % of gay residents than NYC .  Behold the awesome power of ONE hit Broadway musical . 
Full ep - Congressman Aaron Schock resigns , Netanyahu wins re-election in israel , and Kevin Hart 
TDSBreakingNews Monday is the 5 year anniversary of Obamacare .  Republicans got him the traditional gift :  a repeal ! 
TDSBreakingNews Louie Gohmert :  'it's   time to bomb iran' .  *resets Days Since I've Said Something Crazy back to 0*
Fox News fails to provide coverage of the DOJ report that revealed systemic racism in the Ferguson police dept - 
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  I should have closed Guantanamo the 1st day .  Also should have asked Jane to my high school prom .  TooLateRegrets
TDSBreakingNews Washington state may impose restrictive e-cig laws .  Yet men with clip-on bow ties still allowed to walk the streets . 
TDSBreakingNews SF church installs watering system to keep homeless away .  On bright side , homeless looking especially green and leafy . 
TDSBreakingNews Glenn Beck :  I'm out of the Republican Party .  And all parties , really .  No one invites him anymore . 
TDSBreakingNews Police discover meth lab in indiana Wal-Mart .  Knew something was up because employees were happy . 
TDSBreakingNews House GOP budget whacks food stamps and Medicaid .  But includes 150% increase in funding for bootstraps . 
Full ep - Some states start to erase the gains of marriage equality , and the Secret Service requires an intervention .  
TDSBreakingNews Anonymous releases 9 ,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names .  Turns out that  'is' an ISIS supporter . 
TDSBreakingNews Putin reappears after 10 days of hiding .  Tries to pretend he's   ALWAYS had those D-cups . 
TDSBreakingNews Egypt plans to abandon Cairo as capital , build new city .  Unrelated , invites 30 ,000 Jews to come over for a , uh , party . 
New DailyShowPodcast - Jason Jones talks about his impending departure from The Daily Show .  
TDSBreakingNews NYPD edited Wikipedia pages mentioning police brutality .  Mostly replacing the word assault with caring too much . 
rob corddry explains how different life is outside of The DailyShow .   
TDSBreakingNews Study finds there are too many studies .  Adds , I'm part of the problem !  and sets self on fire . 
Full ep - NJ corruption surfaces , Jordan Klepper reports on Hurricane Sandy survivors , and rob corddry 
TDSBreakingNews CO pot tax brings $2 . 3 mil to schools .  While states like Texas remain firmly opposed to both pot and education . 
TDSBreakingNews Canadian household debt hits record high .  Ever-positive , they've been celebrating the achievement since they got the news . 
Full ep - Frat brothers caught on tape chanting racial slurs and Hillary explains for her informal email practices .  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 millennials among world's   least skilled .  But their shelf full of participation awards says otherwise ! 
TDSBreakingNews Dunkin' Donuts to remove titanium dioxide from donuts .  Plans to sell it separately as Titaniumunchkins . 
TDSBreakingNews Michele Bachmann films cameo in Sharknado 3 .  Turns out praying it away doesn't work with sharknados either . 
TDSBreakingNews Uber pledges to create 1 mil jobs for women in 5 years .  By offering new Piggyback Ride from Woman ride option . 
TDSBreakingNews Survey :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gun ownership at a record low .  Possibly unrelated :  nunchuck sales at an all-time high . 
Room for one more bestie , girls ?  BroadCity 
Full ep - The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remembers the 50th anniversary of Selma , and Rep .  John Lewis reflects on the Civil Rights Movement .  
TDSBreakingNews FL officials ban the term climate change .  Salt water soon-to-be lapping at their ankles to be renamed Bible puddles . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany sets 30% female quota for corporate boards .  Doesn't specify which 30% of each board member must be female . 
TDSBreakingNews Twitter has nearly 50K pro-ISIS accounts .  But they follow back , so no one wants to get rid of them . 
Jon offers viewers a chance to see his final show if they donate to Night of Too Many Stars - 
Full ep - Jessica R .  Williams reports on the DOJ's   investigation into Ferguson , and an opposition leader in Russia is murdered .  
TDSBreakingNews Superbug hits second LA hospital .  But superbugging is just a way to pay the bills .  Acting is its real passion . 
Stephen's   Snow Day .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds to stop serving chicken treated with antibiotics .  Chickens treated with antibiotics forced to eat at Burger King . 
TDSBreakingNews Visa Exec :  Soon we'll buy groceries from online 's  mart fridge' .  Please , call us when there's   a fridge-based hook-up app . 
Full ep - Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a speech to Congress and aasif mandvi Mandvi highlights a future for print media - 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Average erect penis is 5 inches .  Average gym sock is way too big . 
TDSBreakingNews Analysts predict worlds' 1st trillionaire will emerge soon .  Will be 1st person to collect millionaires .  TheNewBeanieBabies
TDSBreakingNews Snowden 'ready to return to States . ' Realizes he's   wasting his prime Dancing With the Stars years in Russia . 
TDSBreakingNews Longest serving woman in Congress set to retire .  Will receive 75% of the retirement party a man would . 
TDSBreakingNews Vermont may allow 16 , 17 yr olds to vote in local election .  Explains the newest campaign ads calling opponent so gay . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama , Sharpton meet behind closed doors at White House .  Oh , to be a fly on the wall in THAT room !  !  !  Would suck .  So hard . 
TDSBreakingNews Rubio :  'I don't want to be in politics my whole life' .  He said , clutching the book 2-Minute Dramatic Monologues for Men . 
TDSBreakingNews Price of ground beef climbs to another high record .  Cows call their agents to propose contract renegotiations . 
Full ep - Seth Rollins interrupts the Moment of Zen and challenges Jon :   
TDSBreakingNews South Korea decriminalizes adultery .  So now what's   the point ?  ThrillGone Dangerhalfthefun
TDSBreakingNews Less than 40% of people worldwide have gone online .  Unrelated :  60% of people are still good , well rounded . 
Late Night Fight Club TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Only 11% of GOP think Obama loves America .  Also debating whether he likes America or like-likes America . 
50 Fox News lies in 6 seconds .   ( Tap the screen to pause )  
Full ep - Bill O'Reilly's   credibility is questioned , and Samantha Bee reports on Vice President Biden's   bad habit - 
TDSBreakingNews japanese robot bears soon to care for aging population .  japan :  What if we like , really ramped up how japan we are ? 
Full ep - Rudy Giuliani insults Obama's   patriotism and Christine Lagarde discusses the IMF as well as the gender gap .  
TDSBreakingNews Average cost of raising a child hits $245 ,000 .  A great investment up to , and then immediately following , the teenage years . 
TDSBreakingNews 800k  users given wrong tax info .  Somewhere , Ted Cruz has an erection and doesn't know why . 
TDSBreakingNews Wal-Mart boosts minimum wage to $9/hr .  Unfortunately , also boosting an hour to 120 minutes . 
TDSBreakingNews TX issues first gay marriage license .  It was a shotgun wedding .  Literally , two shotguns got married . 
TDSBreakingNews Tax on sugary foods proposed to fight obesity .  Will augment nation's   current strategy , humiliating the obese . 
Still can't get rid of Steve Carell's   Produce Pete aprons .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews HIV vaccine a success in monkeys .  Some monkeys turn down vaccine , claim personal choice . 
TDSBreakingNews Krispy Kreme apologizes for KKK Wednesdays promotion .  I don't need the empty calories anyway , replies Grand Wizard . 
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush :  I love my father and my brother , but I am my own man .  Adds :  Is what I say into my bathroom mirror every day . 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton , Warren had secret meeting in Dec .  Hatched plan to elect Ted Cruz prom queen , cover him in pig's   blood . 
Full ep - Kansas and Alabama restrict gay rights , Jordan Klepper explores sex ed , and Colin Firth .   
TBT jonsfirstday 
TDSBreakingNews Apple investing $850 mil in CA solar farm .  Also rigging planned obsolescence for the sun .  ReplaceEvery2Years
TDSBreakingNews GOP lawmaker is trying to ban yoga pants .  Except , of course , for the  . 05% of wearers who actually do yoga in them . 
TDSBreakingNews Job openings jump to the highest since 2001 .  Especially in late night cable news satire hosting . 
Full ep - Fox News anchors update their complaints about Pres .  Obama's   leadership , and Jon announces his departure .  
TDSBreakingNews 
Enter for a chance to win a trip to NYC for a taping of The Daily Show :   Rosewater now available on Blu-Ray/DVD . 
Trevor Noah explains the challenges South African comedians face in latest DailyShowPodcast  
TDSBreakingNews Founder :  Groupon was a 's  tupid idea . ' Maybe sometimes it's   worth paying full price for that bikini wax . 
TDSBreakingNews Netflix launches in Cuba .  Will indulge Cuban taste for cheese and ham by only streaming Nicholas Cage films . 
TDSBreakingNews Jindal slams the left for being 'obsessed' with race .  Only race it's   appropriate to obsess over is NASCAR . 
Full ep - John Boehner invites Benjamin Netanyahu to Congress , and Bob Odenkirk discusses Better Call Saul .  
TDSBreakingNews Whiskey-drinking women are slowing vodka sales .  But speeding up their boyfriends' feelings of emasculation . 
TDSBreakingNews Twitter CEO :  'We suck' at stopping abuse .  How could a constant stream of anonymous thought-spewing have ever gone wrong ? 
TBT breaktheinternet 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Cockroaches have personalities .  Had to develop them to make up for being ugly . 
TDSBreakingNews Staples announces acquisition of Office Depot .  Not the legacy I was going for , but I'll take it , sighs sad Mitt Romney . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle gets marijuana vending machines , after study reveals making small talk with drug dealers extremely unbearable . 
Trevor Noah discusses the international perspective he brings to The Daily Show in ep 11 of the DailyShowPodcast 
Full Ep - Measles make a surprising comeback and groundhogs get their moment in the spotlight to report the weather .  
TDSBreakingNews UK to allow creation of babies from 3 persons' DNA .  Anti-GMO activists warn cannibals against eating modified babies . 
Behind the scenes of an all-too-common groundhog mauling .  
Jon discusses biblical law with DailyShow regular , Bacon-Wrapped Shrimpy .   
Full Ep - Huckabee comments on same-sex marriage , Jordan Klepper reports on china's   magic industry , and Martin Short .  
TDSBreakingNews Mexican opium farmers expand plots to supply 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 heroin boom .  Just glad the kale boom is over . 
Sam and her spirit animal , a shrimp wrapped in bacon .  
TDSBreakingNews Punxsutawney Phil sees more winter .  Hopes if he keeps delivering bad news , humans will eventually leave him alone . 
TDSBreakingNews Superbowl earns highest rating ever .  Bud Bowl remains a thing no longer on television .  BringBackBudBowl
Correspondent Trevor Noah explains what it's   like to work w/Jon :   DailyShowPodcast episode11 
New DailyShowPodcast :  Meet Trevor Noah 
TDSBreakingNews Romney won't run for president .  Wants to spend more time losing at home with family . 
The Deflategate scandal rocks the NFL and Jessica R .  Williams investigates mixed-party dating .  
TDSBreakingNews Hillary may delay presidential campaign .  Makes the election that much more intense .  TantricCampaigning
John Hodgman is a diehard Red Patriots fan and hopes they win the Stanley Bowl !  
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   CEO steps down .  To be replaced by amorphous purple blob-man . 
TDSBreakingNews First rare fox seen in Yosemite since 1915 .  No one told it WWI was over .  HidingFromKaiser
Full Episode - President Obama pays his respects to King Abdullah and Kristen Schaal addresses manspreading .  
TDSBreakingNews Researchers discover possible cure for peanut allergy .  Peanuts hold emergency meeting .  Plot to kill researchers . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple rich enough to pay everyone in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 $556 .  Just about enough to buy an iPhone !  TheCircleOfCash
TDSBreakingNews Bacon prices are falling .  Bacon industry plans to rebrand itself as Pig Kale . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle publicly shaming people for not composting trash .  Not helping , says head of Seattle suicide prevention hotline . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner to sue Obama again .  Right after he sues the sun for turning him into a human third degree burn . 
Full Episode - Presidential hopefuls convene for the Iowa Freedom Summit and Julian Castro discusses his work at HUD .  
TDSBreakingNews Chemicals in plastics blamed for sperm decline .  Which then , in turn , hurts the black light industry .  RippleEffect
TDSBreakingNews Bloomberg wants to buy NY Times .  Thinks it's   his only option after hitting ten free article limit . 
 .  Jessica R .  Williams discusses the differences between the DailyShow and Girls .   
TDSBreakingNews Davos sells $43 hot dogs .  Made with 100% beef-from-cows-people-loved-enough-to-name . 
Great week The Nightly Show The last of our FirstWeekPointers ? For emergencies , always have this greased and ready to go 
Full Episode - MetLife sues the federal government , Trevor Noah reports on Boko Haram , and Jennifer Aniston .  
TDSBreakingNews Feds spent $432K studying gay hookup apps .  Concluded that , yes , Esteban does have some amazing abs . 
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare close to nearing goal of 9 . 1 mil signups .  We humbly admit we were wrong says GOP in an awesome dream Obama had . 
Full Episode - Barack Obama delivers his State of the Union address , Anne Hathaway and Jon fail to keep their cool .  
TDSBreakingNews Biden :  Yes there is a chance I will run in 2016 .  No , he won't , says Hillary .  No , I won't , clarifies Biden . 
Hey The Nightly Show Want another of our FirstWeekPointers ?  Make sure to forward all complaints to
Full Episode - Several Republican presidential candidates emerge , and aasif mandvi investigates Sharia law in Alabama .  
Hear Hasan Minhaj describe his audition in the latest DailyShowPodcast episode .   
TDSBreakingNews Astronaut to spend one year in space .  When he gets back to Earth , everyone he knows will have aged one year .  eerie space
TDSBreakingNews Obama approval rating rises to 50% , after someone got Zeke drunk enough to admit Aw , he's   ok I guess . 
Correspondent Hasan Minhaj describes every amazing detail of his DailyShow audition in the latest DailyShowPodcast 
TDSBreakingNews Target to close all 133 stores in Canada .  If only they could have stocked more Celine Dion CD's   .  .  . 
TDSBreakingNews This year millennials will overtake baby boomers .  In number , not motivation . 
Jessica R .  Williams compares working with Jon and Lena Dunham on Girls in Ep 10 of the DailyShowPodcast .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 opens Cuba to all tourists .  All Cuba , not just the Gitmo part .   ( That's   still open too .  ) 
New !  DailyShowPodcast LIVE at NYCPodfest w/ Jessica R .  Williams Hasan Minhaj   and Stu Miller .  iTunes Podcasts - 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un's   first trip abroad will likely be to Russia .  Or another country where prostitution is not really frowned upon . 
TDSBreakingNews Ancient city put up for sale in Turkey .  Detroit considers rebranding run-down neighborhoods as historic ruins . 
Jon explains a typical coroner's   cause of death form in Florida .   
TDSBreakingNews Chinese restaurant promises free food to the beautiful .  Ugly to receive free cookie promising stuff that never happens . 
TDSBreakingNews Study shows wi-fi exposure may be dangerous to children .  Study conducted by the Ethernet Cable Research Institute . 
TDSBreakingNews 2nd largest cigarette-maker in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 bans smoking at work .  Distracts employees from core mission of slowly killing strangers . 
TDSBreakingNews Tiffany and Co .  feature gay couple in new ring ad .  Rival vendor counters with We're here , we're De Beers , get used to it ! 
TDSBreakingNews Crayola Facebook page hacked .  Crayola fans struggle to sound out incriminating emails .  2ndGradeReadingLevel
TDSBreakingNews Boston wins 2024 Olympic bid .  Athletes already training for the Yankees Suckathalon . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama wants to make community colleges free , subverting proud American tradition of accruing crushing student loan debt . 
TDSBreakingNews NYC to ban Styrofoam cups beginning in July .  Black market sales spike for packing peanuts held together with scotch tape . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  I'm the most anti-establishment speaker we've ever had .  Passes out CDs of his punk bank , The Boehner Pillz . 
TDSBreakingNews -54 degree wind chill hits Midwest .  Cold snap wreaks havoc on region's   corndog crop . 
Tickets now available for next week's   DailyShow tapings - 
TDSBreakingNews Survey shows uninsured rate keeps falling .  Mitch McConnell attributes it to new Republican majority in Congress . 
TDSBreakingNews Price of legal weed is down 40% in Washington .  Attention spans also down by 40% . 
TDSBreakingNews Christie calls Philly fans 'worst in America' .  Declares Eagles' owner Jeffrey Lurie 'barely huggable . '
TDSBreakingNews 90% of Netanyahu's   campaign money came from 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  Really just paying him back for all those free birthright trips . 
TDSBreakingNews Incoming Congress is 80% white male , 92% Christian , and 100% unaware this is a problem . 
Happy New Year !  DailyShowDogs 
DailyShowPodcast Episode 9 :  Jordan Klepper and Zhubin Parang take a look back at 2014  NYE2015 
Parker remembers the Festival of Lights .  DailyShowDogs 
DailyShowPodcast Episode 5 :  Al Madrigal explains how he landed his correspondent role :   
The DailyShowDogs won't stop celebrating .  
DailyShowPodcast Episode 2 :  Jason Jones decribes meeting Mikhail Gorbachev .   
Zelda continues the seven days of DailyShowDogs .  
Merry Christmas from the DailyShowDogs .  
Listen to Jessica R .  Williams talk about preparing for a piece on Episode 1 of the DailyShowPodcast .  
Naughty AND nice .  The seven days of DailyShowDogs continues .  
Riot kicks off the seven days of DailyShowDogs .  
DailyShowPodcast with   and Samantha Bee -  
TDSBreakingNews EU rules obesity a disability .  The United States rules it greatest pastime . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope gives sleeping bags to homeless .  Was going to wash their feet , but he gave them that last year HardToShopFor
TDSBreakingNews Death penalty at 20 year low .  Oh wait , we forgot that Texas never seceded .  Recalculating
TDSBreakingNews Price of ground beef hits record high .  Hamburger Helper sells one of his fingers to make ends meet . 
TDSBreakingNews NY moves closer to fracking ban .  Will have to rely on state's   multiple nuclear plants for any disasters
TDSBreakingNews Johns Hopkins mistakenly admits hundreds of rejected students .  Solves problem by handing out hundreds of fake degrees . 
TDSBreakingNews Teens switching to e-cigarettes .  Now we can finally tell the difference between the cool teen smokers and the nerdy ones ! 
TDSBreakingNews Americans approve torture by 2-to-1 .  So it's   official , even torture is more popular than Congress . 
Jessica R .  Williams shares her vision of what a smart gossip site would look like .  
TDSBreakingNews Merriam-Webster names 'Culture' the word of 2014 .  Culture puts on tiara , plans how to spend word of the year millions . 
TDSBreakingNews France to ban Uber .  Taxis will go back to being hailed in traditional French manner of disdainful cigarette-flick . 
New DailyShowPodcast :  The story behind iamsambee's   report on federally funded penis pumps :   
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann wants an attack on iran for Christmas .  Marcus trudges back to the mall sadly to return tennis bracelet . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany finds no proof that 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 tapped Merkel's   phone .  Merkel's   top Candy Crush scores remain safely in German hands . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope proclaims animals are welcome in heaven .  But plants can still suck Satan's   dick . 
The Best Fking News Team Ever at the Best Fking Holiday Party Ever .    popsocial 
TDSBreakingNews Native Americans allowed to grow pot on land .  So we're even now , right ? 
TDSBreakingNews Mumps outbreak hits NHL .  League is just happy to be getting some press . 
TDSBreakingNews Delta introduces 5-tier flight class system .  Although fifth tier is not so much on the flight as pushing it from behind . 
TDSBreakingNews Ebola fighters named Time Mag's   Person of The Year .  Also named New York Mag's   Least Hugged Person Of The Year . 
TDSBreakingNews Instagram is now bigger than Twitter .  A desperate Twitter now allowing 141 characters .  142 !  What's   it gonna take , baby ? 
TDSBreakingNews Google says shift to cloud is 'accelerating' .  Or put another way , 'the opposite of what Google glass sales are doing . '
TDSBreakingNews Left-handed people earn less than right-handed ones .  Turns out paychecks offered to the right hand .  TheyKeepDroppingThem
TDSBreakingNews Pres .  Of Zimbabwe fires VP after murder plot claim , yet still can't pinpoint source of trust issues in therapy session . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  75% of Americans more informed b/c of web news sites .  60% can't even after seeing video of a kitten scared of fly . 
TDSBreakingNews Border patrol seeks more female agents .  Because , yet again , men need a hand understanding boundaries .  Right , ladies ?  !  ?  ! 
TDSBreakingNews Prince William to meet Obama during 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 trip .  Where a mutual wish to switch places will result in a delightful comic romp ! 
TDSBreakingNews S . Carolina breaks national trend , indicts 3 cops in last 4 months .  Envious N . Carolina reacts by imprisoning all firemen . 
The Daily Show's   newest contributor Trevor Noah discusses the differences between Africa and America - 
TDSBreakingNews Largest homeless camp in Silicon Valley dismantled .  Silicon Valley declares regional income inequality solved ! 
TDSBreakingNews Growth hormone usage rises among teens .  Experts blame lack of access to Zoltar machines .  TomHanksTBT
TDSBreakingNews Brooklyn most unaffordable place in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to buy home .  No Sleep till Brooklyn = working 20 hr days to pay for it . 
Got any questions for correspondent Samantha Bee Ask away .  They'll be answered on the next DailyShowPodcast .  Canadian slurs encouraged . 
Jon reacts to the Eric Garner Grand Jury decision - 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner plots way around government shut down .  List so far :  1 .  Waterworks , 2 .   ?  ?  ?  ? 
TDSBreakingNews UK to pay off WWI debt .  Excited to finally get their penny farthing bike back from repo . 
 and writers Travon Free and Jo Miller talk racial profiling and Ferguson on DailyShowPodcast Ep .  3 
TDSBreakingNews 100 human brains missing from Austin lab .  Suspiciously followed by opening of World's   Best Zombie Barbecue . 
TDSBreakingNews Coca-Cola to sell new 'premium' milk .  Spent millions developing milk that actually weakens teeth . 
TDSBreakingNews Downtown Detroit hit with major power outage .  God still finds His long-running Detroit prank pretty hilarious . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama wants $75M for body cams after Ferguson .  Get ready for some really upsetting GoPro commercials . 
TDSBreakingNews Smoking rate in adults hits all time low .  Turns out most adults only want to smoke if a penis-shaped camel tells them to . 
The DailyShow staff reveals where to get the best slice in NY .  
TDSBreakingNews Anti-gay National Organization for Marriage in serious debt .  Refuses to claim bankruptcy because it's   not natural . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Women bosses 'more depressed' than male counterparts .  Definitely has nothing to do with smaller paychecks . 
Jon and Eddie Redmayne talk The Theory of Everything .   
TDSBreakingNews Secret Service chief says morale is suffering at the agency .  Morale = top secret codename for Protecting the President . 
TDSBreakingNews Al Sharpton owes $4 . 5 mil in unpaid taxes .  Sharpton :  Is yelling into a camera not an acceptable currency anymore ? 
New DailyShowPodcast !  It's   about pizza .   
TDSBreakingNews Chocolate companies warn of looming shortage .  Pretzel MandM's   to be made from 100% pretzel . 
TDSBreakingNews Charles Manson to get married .  Parents just happy Becky found someone . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany named world's   favorite country .  Scored 90% with people under 30 , but negative 2000% with people over 70 . 
TDSBreakingNews DEA surprises NFL with drug inspections .  NFL players surprise DEA with other people's   urine . 
TDSBreakingNews Church of England OKs female bishops .  If this doesn't call for another Sister Act sequel , then we just don't know . 
ROSEWATER is in theaters .  Trailer :  
TDSBreakingNews Russia plans alternative version of Wikipedia .  Anyone can edit , as long as it's   from Putin's   office . 
TDSBreakingNews FBI proceeds with FIFA corruption probe .  Investigation made tricky since agents can't use their hands . 
RosewaterMovie Trailer :  
Rosewater at The Daily Show .  
TDSBreakingNews Bible voted more valuable to humanity than On The Origin Of Species .  Note :  humanity wishes both had more pictures . 
TDSBreakingNews Bush calls Clinton 'brother from another mother' on Instagram .  Calls Iraq War Quagmire From Another .  .  . Wait That Was Mine . 
Go behind the scenes of ROSEWATER 
Tusky Business  
TDSBreakingNews Millennials aren't saving a dime .  Why would they when they're all going to get their own reality shows ?  NewAmericanDream
TDSBreakingNews CNN hits new ratings low .  Cancels new show , Wolf Blitzer :  Naked and Wet . 
TDSBreakingNews Stupidity virus has been discovered .  Must affect babies , who are blobs that can't talk or do anything .  Dummies . 
See ROSEWATER in theaters this Friday , Nov .  14 .  
New York City's   Ebola Eatery 
TDSBreakingNews Ford starts production on first aluminum car .  Designed to be driven by baked potatoes . 
TDSBreakingNews 6 congressional elections still too close to call .  Really keeping Congress from its normally unparalleled efficiency . 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists predict robot brains to match humans in 25 years .  Yeah , but how long for robot genitals ?  -- secretly everyone
RosewaterMovie opens this Friday , Nov 14 .  On Thursday , Jon welcomes Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  Trailer :  
TDSBreakingNews Coal jobs vanish , miners seek new careers .  Maybe the NFL ?  They're looking for people willing to seriously harm themselves . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service reports huge security breach .  As a result , ALL Russian crime orgs will Save The Date for Karen and James . 
RosewaterMovie opens this Friday , Nov 14 .  On Thursday , Jon welcomes Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  Trailer :  
Tuesday night the Democrats got taken out back and Old Yeller'ed by the American electorate .  - Jon Stewart 
This week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
Kings of the Hill  DailyShow
Next week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
It's   an incredible night for Money in politics .  - Jason Jones  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team reveals its new vertical political panel TheStack 
Next week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Botox and fillers are very safe .  Thousands of users appear unmoved .  LiterallyTheyCantMoveTheirFaces
Obama and the Pussy'crats 
Tuesday night the Democrats got taken out back and Old Yeller'ed by the American electorate .   
TDSBreakingNews Pres .  Obama moments before fleeing White House press corps to bury his face in Bo's   fur .  
TDSBreakingNews Target to close as many stores as it opened last year .  Meanwhile , Wal-Mart to start building stores inside other Wal-Marts . 
TDSBreakingNews Beards killing the shaving industry .  And the gay marriage industry is killing beards .  CircleOfLife
Kings of the Hill  DailyShow
Nov 13 :  Jon Stewart joins Maziar Bahari and Stephen Colbert for a live conversation about RosewaterMovie .  Tickets :  
TDSBreakingNews japan beats scotland to win world's   best whiskey title .  Scots retaliate by building robot William Wallace . 
TDSBreakingNews Racially diverse emojis to arrive summer 2015 .  Racists :  Finally , I can express who I'm slurring with adorable pictures ! 
The Best F king News Team reveals its new vertical political panel TheStack  
It's   an incredible night for Money in politics .  - Jason Jones  DailyShow 
Live on Election Night :  The Best F king News Team Ever  
BizarroMidterms Republican Neel Kashkari defeats incumbent Jerry Brown in CA governor's   race .  Californians decide avocados are gross . 
BizarroMidterms Tom Corbett defeats Tom Wolf in PA Gov race .  Fracking releases nutritious vitamins into PA's   the water supply . 
DailyShowLive with aasif mandvi Jessica R .  Williams John Hodgman Jordan Klepper in TheStack 
DailyShowLive :   
DailyShowLive 
BizarroMidterms Republican Rob Astorino defeats Andrew Cuomo in NY governor's   race .  Cop stops-and-frisks white guy . 
We're live on the TV Comedy Central and streaming online :   DailyShowLive 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Colorado 
The Best F king News Team is live on Election Night !  11/10c on Comedy Central and streaming live at  DailyShowLive
Some Like it Yacht - 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Kansas 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Wisconsin 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Colorado 
Follow The DailyShow on Instagram 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Iowa 
Democalypse 2014  
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Alaska 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Kansas 
TDSBreakingNews Republicans mull strategy if they control Congress .  Maybe stand really still so people don't notice they're doing nothing ? 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Louisiana 
Nov 13 :  Jon Stewart joins Maziar Bahari and Stephen Colbert for a live conversation about RosewaterMovie .  
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups 
QandA :  Jon Stewart on 16 Years of The DailyShow and His Directorial Debut Rosewater 
Exclusive - SPOON performs Rent I Pay 
Al Madrigal goes undercover to find the Latinos responsible for the immigration crisis .  
Tuesday night :  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  11/10c .  
Country music star Brad Paisley and Jason Jones collaborate on The State of Texas 
Tuesday night :  We'll do it live !  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  This Tuesday , 11/10c .  
Tuesday night :  We'll do it live !  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  This Tuesday , 11/10c .  
The Daily Show in Austin , Texas !  
New !  The DailyShowPodcast - The Best F king News Team Live in Austin , TX :   SouthBySouthMess
McConnelling 
Austin's   Real Weirdness 
The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  Tuesday , 11/10c .  
Exclusive :  SPOON performs Inside Out  spoonstruck 
Austin's   Real Weirdness  SouthBySouthMess
Obligatory selfie .  Spoon OUT .  spoonstruck 
Spoon .  Live in Austin .  spoonstruck 
 jimenoacid and msjwilly - totes BFF .  spoonstruck 
 jimenoacid and longtime stalker Sam Bee .  spoonstruck 
Post sound check food coma .  Courtesy of Gourdough .  AustinFoodIsSlowlyKillingUs spoonstruck 
TDSBreakingNews Number of billionaires has doubled since financial crisis .  But what percent are fat cats and what percent are crumb bums ? 
TDSBreakingNews Government agencies scramble to buy more hazmat suits .  All sold out to smartasses for their halloween parties . 
Green room thug life .  alexfischel spoonstruck 
Spoon hijacked The Daily Show's   Instagram .  totalanarchy spoonstruck 
SouthbySouthMess :  Ad of Brothers 
Al Madrigal goes undercover to find the Latinos responsible for the immigration crisis .   
Jon , I'm actually where the real immigration crisis is :  the Austin border .  Jason Jones  
TDSBreakingNews Koala chlamydia vaccine a success .  Koalas celebrate with romantic eucalyptus dinner and all-night orgy . 
New !  The DailyShowPodcast - The Best F king News Team Live in Austin , TX :   SouthBySouthMess 
Country music star Brad Paisley and Jason Jones collaborate on The State of Texas  
SouthbySouthMess :  POTUS - Partum Depression 
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell launches new ordering app .  Michelle Obama packs her things , says f  this , and hits the open road . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope Francis :  God isn't a magician with a magic wand .  He's   a guy with a long beard sitting on a cloud throne .  Duh Obvi
TDSBreakingNews Baby wipes recalled over bacterial contamination .  But what are babies gonna do , cry about it ?  ManUpBabies
The Daily Show kicks off its week in Austin , Texas .  
TDSBreakingNews Vatican digitizing thousands of rarest texts .  Also inserting sexy vampires and wolves , so kids will read them . 
The Daily Show in Austin , Texas !   
TDSBreakingNews Justice Alito denied brunch by hostess who didn't recognize him .  Reached for comment Alito sobbed , brunch is for a-holes ! 
TDSBreakingNews Chocolate found to improve memory .  A jealous vanilla quickly forgets why it was jealous . 
Democalypse 2014 :  South By South Mess -- The DailyShow is all new , all next week from Austin , Texas ! 
TDSBreakingNews First 'dead heart' transplant a success .  Great publicity for the 5 emo bands named Dead Heart Transplant . 
Monday !  TDS in Texas !  The best thing to happen to Austin since .  .  .  whatever great thing they hosted last weekend . 
TDSBreakingNews Largest sunspot in more than 20 years facing Earth .  I'm having trouble seeing it , reports idiot staring at sun . 
TDSBreakingNews Rep .  Steve King :  I don't expect to meet gays in heaven .  Someone get this guy a heart and a ticket to Angels In America ! 
The Daily Show is taping in Austin all of next week !  Speaking of , we need a place to crash -- any Austinites have , like , 80 couches ? 
TDSBreakingNews Patients avoid Dallas hospital that treated Ebola patient .  Prefer to stick to hospitals where no one has ever been sick . 
TDSBreakingNews Dogs catch another White House fence jumper .  His first mistake :  the frisbee disguise .  ItAlwaysWorkedBefore
TDSBreakingNews Swiss company apologizes for 'Hitler' creamer .  Also apologizes for calling Half and Half dairy miscegenation . 
Democalypse 2014 :  South By South Mess -- The DailyShow is all new , all next week from Austin , Texas ! 
Next week :  The DailyShow is all new from Austin , Texas !  southbysouthmess
TDSBreakingNews Spanish nurse cured of Ebola .  Doctors prescribed dancing flamenco on plates of tapas during siesta .  ThingsWeKnowAboutSpain
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds profits plummet 30% .  Hamburglar forced to steal burgers to survive instead of just for the thrill . 
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie :  'I'm tired of hearing about minimum wage' .  Suggests we seek surgical solution to wage gap . 
Next week :  The DailyShow is all-new from Austin , Texas !  southbysouthmess
TDSBreakingNews 2nd Royal baby due in May .  Looks forward to suckling on hired commoner's   teat .  YesAllPrinces
TDSBreakingNews Obama makes campaign appearance , people leave early .  In their defense , nobody cares about Obama anymore . 
The DailyShow has a podcast ?  It does .  Five episodes so far .  Catch up with 11 different hilarious hosts :  
TDSBreakingNews Peyton Manning breaks touchdown record .  A useless Brett Favre shot into cold vacuum of space . 
In Florida , Charlie Crist uses  during a debate .  Rick Scott refuses to attend .  
Sam Brownback's   Conservative Kansas Experiment 
I've fired over a thousand people - easily .  - Al Madrigal DailyShowPodcast 
TDSBreakingNews 'Foreign underwater activity' reported in Sweden .  Report by guy who never knew there's   a lot of stuff going on under there . 
Dear Austin , Texas :  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 for a live show featuring The Best F king News Team !   DailyShow
 .  .  . And then there are the emails .  Oh dear god , the emails from the Democrats .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes Podcasts 
Democalypse 2014 - Wait , How the F**k Does That Happen 
Zach Galifianakis and Jon discuss his new film Birdman and the nice people at   
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   credit card denied at NYC restaurant .  china finally called in our debt .  WhyDidWePutItOnHisPersonalCard
Jessica R .  Williams goes to Kansas to test the outcome of a conservative free market experiment .   
In Florida , Charlie Crist uses  during a debate .  Rick Scott refuses to attend .   
TDSBreakingNews Top 1% own half of global wealth .  As well as half of every tweet .  ALSO THEY'RE VERY STRONG AND COOL
I've fired over a thousand people - easily .  - Al Madrigal DailyShowPodcast 
Live stand-up comedy in Austin , Texas from The DailyShow's   writers and producers !  Sunday , Oct 26 :  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Male brains wired to ignore food for sex .  But they'd never ignore their bros for it .  NEVER their bros .  bros
New !  The DailyShowPodcast without Jon Stewart welcomes Al Madrigal and Hallie Haglund  
Democalypse 2014 - Just Try Not to Say Something Stupid for 90 Minutes 
Zach Galifianakis and Jon discuss his new film Birdman and the nice people at    
Au Bon Panic  
Democalypse 2014 - Wait , How the F**k Does That Happen 
TDSBreakingNews Halloween Ebola costumes cause controversy .  Sexy Ebola costumes cause controversy AND boners . 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un reappears with a cane .  Unrelated :  Every North Korean now required to walk with canes . 
Matt Bai explains how the Gary Hart scandal altered the boundaries between politicians' public and private lives .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes Podcasts 
 .  .  . And then there are the emails .  Oh dear god , the emails from the Democrats .   
TDSBreakingNews Vatican signals more tolerance for gays and remarriage .  Pope explains , love is love , man and rolls a fat doobie .  SoCool
Dear Austin , Texas :  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 for a live show featuring The Best F king News Team !   DailyShow
Latinos are the original gays .  - Al Madrigal  
Hey Austin , Texas !  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 at The North Door  ndaustin )  .  Tickets :   
This week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c . 
Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta examines America's   foreign policy strategy .  
TDSBreakingNews Airplane cabin cleaners strike at LaGuardia .  Demanding compensation for grueling task of cleaning smug out of first-class . 
Wyatt Cenac joins Jason Jones and Samantha Bee at the desk .  
Kristen Schaal takes a closer look at how the GOP is reaching out to women .  
TDSBreakingNews Malala Yousafzai wins Nobel Peace Prize .  Guidance counselor still recommends joining debate club to improve college application . 
Obama and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad War 
Lawsuits of the Rich and Shameless 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c . 
Next week :  Author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c .  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team welcomes new correspondent Hasan Minhaj and new contributor Trevor Noah 
Lawsuits of the Rich and Shameless 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un's   sister rumored to be running Korea .  Triumph for feminist dictators everywhere .  GirlPower GirlAbsolutePower
TDSBreakingNews Maryland Governor says Wifi is a human right .  Adds , Also , will anyone let me borrow their HBO GO password ? 
We gave Obama our hearts and all we got in return is this free birth control ?   
Obama and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad War 
Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta examines America's   foreign policy strategy .  
Kristen Schaal takes a closer look at how the GOP is reaching out to women .   
TDSBreakingNews Hawaii drops plans to name park after Obama .  Changes state motto to Hey , he's   Kenya's   problem .  HardCoreDiss
Wyatt Cenac joins Jason Jones and Samantha Bee at the desk .   
Samantha Bee searches for statistics detailing the excessive use of lethal force by the police .   
The Fault in His Speech  
TDSBreakingNews 110 mil Americans have STDs .  Got confused , thought condoms were supposed to be taken orally .  SimpleMistake
Jason Jones hosts the show while Jon is out sick .  DailyShow GameofJones 
Jon is out sick and Jason Jones seizes the TDS throne .  GameofJones
TDSBreakingNews Walmart cuts health benefits for 30 ,000 .  On the plus side , insurance-rollback announced by adorable yellow smiley-face ! 
Jason Jones speaks with Native American activists as well as devoted football fans .   
Last night's   full episode :  
Kristen Schaal unveils her line of sexy Halloween costumes .    ( 2013 ) 
Dr .  Atul Gawande endeavors to start a compassionate and well-reasoned dialogue about the end of life .  
Jordan Klepper visits the U . N .  to determine which countries are responsible for the messy state of the world .  
TDSBreakingNews Radioactivity in Norway reindeers hits high .  Implying reindeer radioactivity not a new thing .  RegrettingThatReindeerSteak
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 5 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizens don't speak English at home .  4 in 5 teens don't speak words at home . 
TDSBreakingNews Ebola fears boost sales of emergency supplies in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  But what if that's   exactly what the Ebola WANTS us to do ?  paranoid
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes :  
This week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
DailyShowPodcast :  Jordan Klepper experiments with saying the word 's  exy . '   writes jokes with Seinfeld .  
TDSBreakingNews Zimbabwe police given lessons in smiling .  1st lesson :  try and make , like , a frown , but the opposite .  helpful
This week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
Here's   how dysfunctional the Secret Service is at this point :  Congress had to help them come up with solutions .  
How a Bill Becomes an Ad 
A Million Ways to Die in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .  
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   meet Wu Tang Clan and Jerry Seinfeld 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .   
A Million Ways to Die in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 
TDSBreakingNews Pepsi launches 60 cal soda with controversial ingredient , 200 more calories . 
TDSBreakingNews CIA doesn't think it's   keeping too many secrets .  After all , it's   only trying to protect us from  ( TWEET REDACTED ) 
Here's   how dysfunctional the Secret Service is at this point :  Congress had to help them come up with solutions .  
Germs of Engagement 
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   remember meeting Wu Tang Clan and Jerry Seinfeld respectively .  
The Secret Service blunders the handling of an intruder in the White House .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has already spent $1B fighting ISIS .  But at least the boots that'll be on the ground will be faaaaaaabulous .  Louboutin
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry :  My security would knock intruder 'dead down' .  Security pet name for the rifle he hides in his jogging pants . 
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   discuss improv , stand-up , Wu-Tang .   
TDSBreakingNews World's   oldest clown dies at 98 .  Will be squeezed inside tiny coffin along with 9 other dead clowns . 
indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi receives a superstar welcome in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2  
TDSBreakingNews Climate change causing heat waves in Australia .  Residents can now just throw a shrimp on the sidewalky . 
How a Bill Becomes an Ad 
TDSBreakingNews CA colleges get genderless bathrooms , or , as female students call them , force-students-to-hold-poop-rooms . 
The U . N .  Climate Summit draws leaders together from around the world .   
If the Redskins' name is changed and I have children one day , what will I pass on to them ?   
Chatty Chatty , Bomb Bomb 
TDSBreakingNews Men get own version of Yahoo !  w/ Yahoo !  for Men .  Bing creates Bing For Women , or Men , Somebody Visit This Goddamn Site . 
TDSBreakingNews Hospitals starting to ask patients to pay upfront .  Or leave vital organ as collateral .  GotstaGetPaid
This week :  Hadi Albahra of the Syrian National Coalition , actor Ben Affleck , author Lena Dunham and filmmaker Ben Steele .  11/10c . 
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
This week :  Jon welcomes Hadi Albahra of the Syrian National Coalition , actor Ben Affleck , author Lena Dunham and filmmaker Ben Steele . 
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
TDSBreakingNews Man charged with smuggling 51 turtles in sweatpants .  It was that last 1 that got him caught .  OverAmbitious WhyNot50
The news media dedicates its time to President Barack Obama's   latte salute .  
TDSBreakingNews ATMs dispensing gold appear in Singapore .  But only in Cash4Gold stores .  TwoStepProcess
The People's   Climate March takes place in New York City .  
Jason Jones sits down with Native American activists and devoted Redskins fans .   
TDSBreakingNews Some water on Earth is older than sun .  Sun :  I'll outlive every last drop .  ClimateChange
Full Episode - The media fixates on President Obama's   latte salute and Jason Jones investigates the Redskins' name .  
The news media dedicates its time to President Barack Obama's   latte salute .  
Dear 1D fans :  We didn't know the band members' names , religions , hobbies , etc .  Just knew they were popular .  But not THIS popular .  whoa
Jason Jones speaks with Native American activists and devoted football fans about the Redskins' controversial logo .  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil releases mosquitoes to fight dengue fever .  Mosquitoes bid goodbye to families as I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing plays . 
Jason Jones just can't stop dancing .  
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare will help save hospitals nealy $6 bil .  Yeah , but .  .  .  uh .  .  .  LATTE SALUTE !  SmokeBomb
TDSBreakingNews Tight pants bending iPhone 6+ .  Join the club say penises in tight pants . 
To support pit bulls at Tia Torres' Villalobos Rescue Center in New Orleans , donate here :  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil refuses to sign UN's   pledge to slow deforestation .  ComeOn TooEasy ItsAWaxingJokeRUStupidOrSomething
TDSBreakingNews Walmart to offer checking accounts .  Except to own employees , who don't make enough to meet minimum balance . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Diabetes boom comes to an end .  Now outsourcing diabetes to Mexico .  Seriously NoJoke
Jessica R .  Williams reports on the latest terrorist groups , including Al-Fa'aq-U-Up .   
The United States and its coalition of supporters begin airstrikes against ISIS in Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews American middle class hasn't gotten a raise in 15 yrs .  Also hasn't worked up courage to ask out cute receptionist .  GoForIt
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
TDSBreakingNews White House puts up second fence for extra security .  But second fence to be shorter , just so it's   not unfair . 
Jason Jones reveals what the Secret Service really does while the Obamas are away .  
1600 Jump Street 
It's   National Voter Registration Day .  Register :   and spread the word .  CelebrateNVRD
The People's   Climate March takes place in New York City .   
TDSBreakingNews Rockefeller family denounces oil .  Koch brothers seen running to oil's   house with a bouquet of flowers . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  25% of Americans want their state to secede .  Country changes name to It's   Complicated States of America . 
TDSBreakingNews Mysterious 'interceptor' cell towers found near WH .  Asked of involvement , Angela Merkel winks , says the game is afoot . 
Samantha Bee reports on the state of Lindsey Graham's   paranoia .  
Democalypse 2016 :  Willary or Won'tary 
Jason !   DailyShow
New DailyShowPodcast :   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss racial profiling and Twitter trolls .  And Saturday Night Live 
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie :  'Roger Goodell is an honest man' .  Clearest signal yet that Christie has no interest in presidential run . 
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players 
Next week :  Author   author General Tony Zinni , animalplanet's   Tia Torres , and author Steven Johnson 11/10c . 
Don't be a stranger , Wyatt .  - Jason Jones says goodbye to  
TDSBreakingNews scotland rejects independence .  They may take our lives , but they'll never take .  .  . actually just take whatever . 
Next week :  Author   author General Tony Zinni , animalplanet's   Tia Torres , and author Steven Johnson 11/10c .  DailyShow
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players  
Last night :  Joe Biden's   word choices ,  heartfelt goodbye , and Bill Clinton .  
TDSBreakingNews Pizza Hut tests 's  kinny slice' .  Slice criticized for setting unfair beauty standards for thicker slices . 
TDSBreakingNews Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God .  Adds :  But atheism doesn't pay them bills , sooo .  .  . 
TDSBreakingNews Stoners find love on marijuana dating sites .  Also find Sexy Pringles In Their Area . 
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in Jason !   
New DailyShowPodcast :   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss racial profiling and Twitter trolls .  And Saturday Night Live 
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players  
TDSBreakingNews New blood test could detect clinical depression .  Test :  Draw blood while asking patient if nothing matters . 
TDSBreakingNews New Facebook for rich people costs $9 ,000 to join .  Babies in photos are all dipped in gold . 
TDSBreakingNews American arrested after trying to swim to N .  Korea .  Asks rescuers Wait .  Which one is the good one ? 
Bill Hader remembers having 'the Friday night crazies' with Kristen Wiig on SNL .   
New !   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss Ferguson and Che's   move to SNL .  DailyShowPodcast  
Democalypse 2016 :  Willary or Won'tary 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists give mice human brain for study .  Mice wish they'd been assigned to cosmetic testing SimplerTime SoManyFeelings
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Liberals and conservatives smell differently .  Like weed and gunpowder , respectively . 
Samantha Bee reports on the state of Lindsey Graham's   paranoia .  
Welcome Back , Combat  
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell owner's   next big thing :  Vietnamese fast food .  But what did we DO ?  !  Vietnamese cry . 
TDSBreakingNews VT schools ban brownies .  Now Vermont teens forced to hide pot in healthy foods . 
2004 :  Ed Helms reports on the camera phone  
Masters of Sexism 
This week :  Jon welcomes filmmaker Ken Burns Bill Hader , and Jessica Chastain 11/10c . 
Jon sits down with United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .  
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
This week :  Jon welcomes filmmaker Ken Burns Bill Hader , and Jessica Chastain 11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews More millennials saying no to credit cards .  Prefer to use Bitcoin , Webca$h and CyberDollaz Last2AreMadeUp
Jordan Klepper investigates how Obamacare ruins lives .  
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen 
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expresses the need for the world to unite in defense of peace .  
DeMacAlypse 2014 - How to Secede in Britain Without Really Fighting 
Ray Rice faces indefinite expulsion and the NFL answers questions about which video it had seen and when .  
TDSBreakingNews Some golf courses reject Obama over Labor Day .  Use the race card , Barack !  If there's   any time to use it , it's   now ! 
Thoroughly Modern Militants 
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   sales worst in a decade .  Grimace resigns , plans to spend more time finding out what he is . 
TDSBreakingNews G . W .  Bush gives Clinton advice on being a grandfather .  Always ends diaper changing with a hearty Lotion Accomplished . 
This October , The DailyShow travels to Austin , Texas for coverage of DEMOCALYPSE 2014 :  SOUTH BY SOUTH MESS 
TDSBreakingNews CA becomes first state to ban plastic bags .  But who will be the LAST ?  !  Mississippi . 
TDSBreakingNews Olive Garden :  $100 for 7 weeks of pasta .  7 Weeks of Pasta now the most affordable biblical plague . 
Jason !   
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare site hacked but nothing taken .  Technicians promise site will be totally hack-worthy within 6 months . 
Star Hack :  The Nude Generation - Leak Squad .  Jordan Klepper reports .  
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  
Masters of Sexism 
Michael Che investigates a conspiracy involving thousands of children posing as refugees .  
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
Moment of Zen - Joan Rivers Tribute 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  Episode 02 features Jason Jones and writer Zhubin Parang 
Moment of Zen - Joan Rivers Tribute 
Michael Che investigates a conspiracy involving thousands of children posing as refugees .   
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  1 in 10 California workers illegal .  In further scandal , only 1 in 10 California girls unforgettable . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple stock drops dramatically after nude pic scandal .  Stock in Amalgamated Masturbating Creeps climbs to record high . 
TDSBreakingNews Fast food workers strike coast to coast .  Make like a heart after thirty years of Big Macs , and stop working . 
Crisis in the Everywhere 
Star Hack :  The Nude Generation - Leak Squad .  Jordan Klepper reports .   
TDSBreakingNews NYC St .  Patrick's   Day Parade lifts ban on gay groups .  Gays decline , since they have their own better parade now anyway . 
Jason Jones has been to iran and Russia .  Now , he faces his most dangerous mission :  Daytime TV .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 50% of women can locate the vagina on a diagram .  100% of men just masturbated to the diagram . 
TDSBreakingNews Google developing 'chip' to make machines think like humans .  A step closer to the utopia depicted in the Terminator series . 
New :  The Daily Show Podcast without Jon Stewart 
Jessica R .  Williams tells men who think catcalling is a good idea to find some impulse control .   
Masters of Sexism  
TDSBreakingNews The average work week is now 47 hours long .  Actual work done during week holding steady at 47 minutes .  BlameTwitter
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  Episode 02 features Jason Jones and writer Zhubin Parang 
TDSBreakingNews Detroit bankruptcy trial begins .  City attorney arrives at court dressed in his finest barrel . 
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
I gotta tell ya .  That is an Olan Mills quality mugshot .   
Next week :  Author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
Rosewater trailer :  
The DailyShow Newsletter :  
Race/Off 
This week :  Jon welcomes author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jon Stewart takes the Ferguson Protest Challenge 
Jon Stewart on Ferguson 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
 reports on the shooting of an unarmed black man in Ferguson from anywhere else .  
Jon , there's   been no grab-ass .  No dick snaps .  No ball-cupping !  - Samantha Bee 
Rosewater trailer :  
Jon Stewart debuts two scenes from his film Rosewater 
Rosewater trailer :  
Next week :  Author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine 11/10c .  DailyShow
Race/Off  Ferguson
Jon Stewart debuts two scenes from his film Rosewater  
I gotta tell ya .  That is an Olan Mills quality mugshot .   
TDSBreakingNews ISIS burning marijuana fields in Syria .  Suddenly become very hungry , forget to form a caliphate .  WaitWhatWereWeDoingAgain
TDSBreakingNews Scientists replace boy's   vertebra with a 3D printed bone .  No one more excited than 3D printed dogs . 
TDSBreakingNews Music album sales hits 23-year low .  Desperate sellers offer free Blockbuster Video franchise with every CD purchase . 
Samantha Bee offers   suggestions for fitting in as an NFL player .   
Race/Off 
All we seem know about this group right now is they do incredibly evil s**t .  - Jon Stewart  
TDSBreakingNews Italian politician asks pope for exorcism .  Pope follows therapists advise to say no sometimes StretchedTooThin MeTime
TDSBreakingNews Nigeria closes schools over Ebola .  Now Ebola virus will NEVER learn to read . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple launching largest iPad ever .  Also comes with laptop keyboard and laptop speakers and also is a laptop . 
Race/Off 
 reports on the shooting of an unarmed black man in Ferguson from anywhere else .   
Race/Off  
Jon Stewart takes the Ferguson Protest Challenge  
TDSBreakingNews Sea plankton found on International Space Station , providing much needed sustenance to hungry space guppies .  TooCute
TDSBreakingNews Study :  School should start later for teens' health .  Teens fail to make it through study without falling asleep . 
TDSBreakingNews Burger King Buying Tim Hortons for $11B .  Related :  diabetes and heart disease announce merger of their own . 
The DailyShow returns Tuesday night with all new episodes !  11/10c on
Science :  What's   It Up To ?   
BackToSchool  
Fox News Welfare Academy  BackToSchool 
The Daily Show goes BackToSchool :   
BackToSchool  
Wu-Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal .  
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart -- Episode 01 :  Elliott Kalan and Jessica R .  Williams 
Michael Che investigates American loyalty to political brand names .  
Go behind the scenes with the writers , producers and correspondents who make the show .  
RIP Robin Williams , 1951-2014 .   
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart -- Episode 01 :  Elliott Kalan and Jessica R .  Williams  
Go behind the scenes with the writers , producers and correspondents who make the show .  Everyone but Jon , really .  
New !  Listen to the very first episode of The Daily Show Podcast without Jon Stewart :   
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition 
Moment of Zen - Noah Apparently Ritter 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single and closes with Triumph  DailyShow
Down here the term coyote is considered offensive .  They prefer 'pediatric immigration consultant . ' - Jordan Klepper 
The Kids in the Haul 
  describes making her documentary Rich Hill .  
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition  
Exclusive :  Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph 
TDSBreakingNews Target comes out in support of gay marriage .  Bullseye the dog and unnamed spaniel get matching tattoos .  AreTheyOrArentThey
Wu Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
TDSBreakingNews Americans renouncing citizenship hits new record .  I'll take it !  - 30 ,000 children at the border . 
TDSBreakingNews Bieber FaceTimes with Malala .  Dear God , hasn't that brave girl already suffered enough ?  ! 
Wu Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
Exclusive :  Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph .  
In celebration of 20 years together , Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph .  
Democalypse 2014 - The Battle Hymn of the Republicans 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single and closes with Triumph  DailyShow 
TDSBreakingNews Spacecraft orbits comet for the first time .  Won't leave 'til comet reveals what it's   got against dinosaurs .  65MilYearBeef
TDSBreakingNews Russian hackers steal 1 . 2 bil passwords .  Claim passwords were ethnically Russian anyway , so .  .  . 
Michael Che  investigates American loyalty to political brand names .   
A massive outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa causes a health scare .   
Elisabeth Moss explains why she can only give an enigmatic description of her film The One I Love .  
Down here the term coyote is considered offensive .  They prefer 'pediatric immigration consultant . ' - Jordan Klepper 
The Kids in the Haul  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 altered flight path to avoid Russians .  Also ate lunch in bathroom to avoid them in cafeteria .  bullies teasinghurts
TDSBreakingNews israel spied on John Kerry in Mideast peace talks .  Caught him googling what is Gaza ?  and how to peace talk . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2DA announces 1st update to poultry inspection rules since 1957 .  Hats now optional and lady chickens can go w/o gloves . 
Ravens running back Ray Rice beats his then-fiancee on camera , causing the NFL to punish him accordingly .  
This week :  Jon welcomes actor Elisabeth Moss , author Helen Thorpe , Wu Tang Clan and filmmaker   11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Dog gym opens outside DC .  Post-workout juice bar serves extract of other dogs' butts . 
Dr .  Gupta Investigates :  Butthole or Bellybutton ?  NewCNNShows  
Ravens running back Ray Rice beats his then-fiancee on camera , causing the NFL to punish him accordingly .  
TDSBreakingNews Kardashian virtual game makes $700K per day .  Money issues public apology , ashamed to be part of this scandal . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia proposes banning soldier selfies .  But how will they remember all the good times at war ? 
TDSBreakingNews Ruth Bader Ginsberg :  Men don't get it .  Men :  Ruth Bader Ginsberg doesn't get it !  !  !  !  ThenTheyMakeOut
Maggie Gyllenhaal discusses working on The Honourable Woman .  
Jon offers a solution for stopping corporate tax inversion .   
Internet Killed the Newspaper Star  
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   McNuggets in japan are made of fish and tofu .  But their fast food workers' misery is 100% organic . 
Studio racetrack so CNN staff can recreate car chases .  NewCNNTech 
TDSBreakingNews Northwestern University to offer 'gender-open' restrooms .  Shy students will now just hold it in until the semester's   over . 
Automatics for the People 
The Duh Room .  NewCNNShows 
CNN :  A Midsummer News Dreams 
TDSBreakingNews Dubai pays kids in gold to lose weight .  Risking a nation of spoiled rich brats , but attractive thin ones , so it evens out . 
Let's   make CNN better .  
Studio Jetpacks !  NewCNNTech 
Don Lemon's   Zesty News Bowl NewCNNShows 
TDSBreakingNews Grover Norquist is going to Burning Man .  Thinking anti-tax message will resonate better if delivered in a neon thong . 
TDSBreakingNews The handicap symbol gets an update in NY .  Also , Walk Light Man finally asks Restroom Woman on date .  
Sonia Nazario   describes the treacherous journey facing child refugees fleeing Central America .  
This isn't a white-black issue , Jon .  This is a cop-black issue .  - Larry Wilmore  
Five Officers and a Gentle Man 
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Palin launches her own online channel .  Hopes extreme political rants are welcome online .  OnlyTimeWillTell
TDSBreakingNews Obama banned from visiting Chechnya .  Obama throws away half-finished manuscript for Let's   Go Chechnya !  DreamDeferred
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Fist bumps are safer than handshakes .  Unless done with great force to the face .  OneCaveat
This week :  Author   journalist   actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , and actress Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Thesaurus lists 'right-winger' as synonym for 'obstructionist . ' Right-wingers vow to block thesaurus sales forever . 
A ruling on a clause in the Affordable Care Act causes utter chaos -- until later that same day .  
 sueturtonaje discusses the underlying reasons her Al Jazeera colleagues are in prison in Egypt .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author   journalist   Maggie Gyllenhaal , and Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c on
It was a dark chapter of American history .  - George Takei 
TDSBreakingNews Russia loses control of satellite full of geckos .  In related news , Putin trying way too hard to distract us from Ukraine . 
Next week :  Author   journalist   actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , and actress Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c on
An artist in japan is arrested for distributing plans to create 3D prints of her vagina .   
CSI :  Cuomo Scandal Investigation 
Moment of Zen - Good Luck ,    DailyShow
While on vacation in Naples , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio eats pizza with a fork -- again .  
TDSBreakingNews FLOTUS takes credit for more people drinking water .  Clearly in pocket of powerful urine lobby . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   motorcade delays woman in labor .  Never too early for children to learn about political gridlock . 
TDSBreakingNews Smartphone apps claim to repel mosquitoes .  Mostly because mosquitoes are hopeless with new technology .  NaturesGrandmas
A ruling on a clause in the Affordable Care Act causes utter chaos -- until later that same day .  
It was a dark chapter of American history .  - George Takei  
I Miss What We Did Last Summer 
Two different courts offer two entirely different interpretations of the exact same clause on the same exact day .  
TDSBreakingNews Obama on statehood for DC :  'I'm for it' .  Adding an uncharacteristic I mean , f**k it , right ?  SoOverIt
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth's   racehorse tests positive for drugs .  Corgis refuse to give blood samples .  ButPlentyOfPeeToGoAround
Full episode :  Jon invites John McCain to an old fashioned Wrong-Off .   
What Would Reagan Do ?  
Somebody bring me my smellin' turds .  - Jon Stewart 
TDSBreakingNews LA overturns living-in-car ban .  That's   one way to deal with a terrible economy !  CreativeSolutions
This week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c .  DailyShow
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Patent and Trademark Office determines that the Redskins' name is a racial slur .  
Texas Republicans endorse reparative therapy for gays .  getmemysmellingturds 
Next week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Santorum :  Gay marriage hurts the economy .  Specifically therapists , who have fewer unhappy sham marriages to treat . 
Jon Stewart and Kevin Hart remember their favorite WWE wrestlers .  
Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Investigation shows that several 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 drones have disappeared .  Believed to have fallen in love , ran away together . 
Next week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c .  DailyShow
In a 5-4 decision , the Supreme Court decides against allowing individuals to lie on federal forms when buying a gun .  
These legal decisions are the subject of our new segment .  .  .    
TDSBreakingNews Dallas County commissioners unwittingly back slavery reparations .  Quit taking advantage of us just because we can't read ! 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 now 101st 'most peaceful' nation on earth .  Ranking to improve once we've all shot each other . 
TDSBreakingNews Harley Davidson to launch electric motorcycle .  Biker motto to become Ass , grass , or 4-hour charge , no one rides for free . 
Hard-Hitting News on HillaryClinton's   Hard Choices 
Jon Stewart and Kevin Hart remember their favorite WWE wrestlers .   
Al Madrigal visits Louisiana , where cockfighting is outlawed , to learn about chicken boxing .   
TDSBreakingNews African firm sells pepper-spray bullet firing drones .  Pfft , call us when those bullets are made from great white sharks ! 
Somebody bring me my smellin' turds .  - Jon Stewart 
Texas Republicans endorse reparative therapy for gays .  getmemysmellingturds 
TDSBreakingNews Sebelius shares 'most terrifying' moment of Obamacare launch .  Despite flashlight under chin , campers remain un-terrified . 
Mess O'Potamia - Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Rob Ford to return to work June 30th .  Per terms of his sobriety , crack will no longer be stocked in office vending machine . 
C . E . O .  Howard Schultz describes Starbucks's   plan to pay college tuition costs for all of its employees .  
TDSBreakingNews Ron Paul giving away AR-15 to one lucky supporter , along with I disarmed a crazy old man t-shirt . 
Mess O'Potamia  
iran , meet me at camera three .  - Jon Stewart  
Mess O'Potamia - Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  caffeine affects girls and boys differently .  Girls got 1/3 fewer boners than boys .  MenAreFromMars
TDSBreakingNews Illinois passes law banning police ticket quotas .  Residents celebrate with drag racing and public urination . 
Glass Half Empty  
Know What , We'll Take It 
This week :  Jon welcomes Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito 11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Bad economy makes people more racist .  Paula Deen says , Yeeaaah .  THAT's   what it was .  The economy ! 
Operation Deserter Storm :  Home Is Where the Hate Is 
Fumble !  - Jordan Klepper reports on college football players who want to unionize .  
The V . A .  reveals the department hasn't updated its technology since 1985 .  
TDSBreakingNews Dog the Bounty Hunter considered going after Snowden .  C . I . A .  considered honoring him for his theoretical service .  hero
Jason Jones and Jessica R .  Williams after their pants-ripping report on hostage release .  
Next week :  Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito DailyShow
I have a groundhog .  I have hummingbirds .  I have huge raccoons .  - Christopher Walken 
TDSBreakingNews Pope ditches popemobile , says he has 'little to lose at my age' .  Also ditches fancy robes for sweatpants .  GivingUp
Next week :  Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito 11/10c . 
Jason Jones sits down with people who think it's   a good idea to wear Google Glass to understand their plight .  
Mess O'Potamia - 2014 Edition 
I have a groundhog .  I have hummingbirds .  I have huge raccoons .  - Christopher Walken  
TDSBreakingNew Mississippi named most corrupt state .  Celebrates with huge party paid for by education block grant . 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists recreate Spanish flu virus .  Study funded by the World Foundation for What Could Go Wrong ? 
Know What , We'll Take It 
Eric Cantor loses the Virginia primary in a surprising upset .   
TDSBreakingNews Ford plans car parts made from tomatoes .  Mostly for very small airbags .  NotGonnaEndWell
TDSBreakingNews Half of college grads still relying on parents' money .  Other half reportedly settling for their love .  RawDeal
TDSBreakingNews Ted Cruz sheds his Canadian dual citizenship .  Tearfully tosses his Celine Dion collection into trash HisHeartWillGoOn
Sebastian Junger discusses his documentary Korengal and opportunities for veterans once they return home .  
Fumble !  - Jordan Klepper reports on college football players who want to unionize .   
Jason Jones and Jessica R .  Williams after their pants-ripping report on hostage release .   
The V . A .  reveals the department hasn't updated its technology since 1985 .  
TDSBreakingNews Videos may make up 84% of internet traffic by 2018 .  86% if science invents a new way for cats to be adorable .  NOTPOSSIBLE
TDSBreakingNews A 'very tired' pope Francis takes first ever day off .  Mainly sits around not wearing a giant hat .  NeckStrain
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton :  Benghazi is 'more of a reason' to run for president , adding Otherwise how will they impeach me over it ? 
If I was president , I would have gotten Bergdahl back for an 8GB iPhone 3 and a pack of gum .  - Jason Jones 
Operation Deserter Storm :  Home Is Where the Hate Is 
Full Episode :  Fox News gets worked up over a beard and Jason Jones and Jessica Williams report on the Bowe Bergdahl .  
TDSBreakingNews Oldest man on earth dies at 111 .  Pulled off pretty sweet jetski jump but botched the landing .  ActiveInRetirement
TDSBreakingNews Wisconsin Attorney General tries to halt gay marriages .  Just wants gay couples to keep their options open .  CommitmentPhobe
Michael Che  makes his debut as a correspondent with a somber report from Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews Oklahoma repeals Common Core .  Can't ever stop terrorism , but at least we can win the war on math .  ProudToBeAnAmerican
A Magnificent , Wonderful Story 
It is imperative that this man run for president .  - Jon Stewart 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 regains all jobs lost in recession .  Minus the 401K's   of course .  But hey , let's   not get greedy here .  Gratitude
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 men's   national team coach :  We cannot win the World Cup .  He's   running the super-secret reverse psychology play .  obvi
Keep Gun and Carry On 
TDSBreakingNews 17% of New Yorkers work in the bathroom .  Well , technically their bathroom/kitchen/office/closet NycAptsAreTiny
TDSBreakingNews Gun homicide rate down 49% since 1993 , public unaware .  See ?  There's   a silver lining to the past 20 years of gun deaths ! 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton :  I've had one concussion , but Paul Ryan has had three .  Hillary , this isn't a hemorrhaging contest .  GrowUp
Republicans voice their unqualified opinions on a variety of political issues .   
Michael Che  makes his debut as a correspondent with a somber report from Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 5 restaurant employees spread norovirus .  Other 4 spread herpes amongst themselves in post-work hookups OfficeRomance
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds says it will support minimum wage hike .  Also says a cheeseburger can be Mayor , so take it with a grain of salt . 
It is imperative that this man run for president .  - Jon Stewart  
A Magnificent , Wonderful Story  
TDSBreakingNews Alabama GOP offers $1K for information about voter fraud .  Teens to spend summer carding neighbors instead of lifeguarding . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle approves $15 minimum wage .  Minimum wage employees go on decadent shopping spree for basic necessities .  toothpaste
Samantha Bee discovers an outbreak of liberal idiocy .   
Robert De Niro discusses his father's   artistic career .  
Murder , So Rote  dailyshow
A Farewell to Egyptian Satire 
TDSBreakingNews Oliver Stone to direct Snowden film .  Mostly just wants to ask Snowden if he uncovered any secret files about JFK . 
TDSBreakingNews Postman accused of stealing 20K pieces of mail .  Found living in a house made of old ValPaks .  NowThatsABargain
Distinguished Contributors - Lewis Black 
Jon takes a trip down terrible memory lane .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Robert De Niro , Ricky Gervais activist Gigi Ibrahim , and Tom Cruise ! 
Kristen Schaal hopes her advice will help single women everywhere .  
The Daily Show returns Monday with all new episodes .  11/10c . 
Distinguished Contributors - Larry Wilmore 
 . indiaJones reports from the largest democracy on the planet .  
John Hodgman offers Jon years of unsolicited advice .  
Jon Stewart brings communities together at the All-Star Comedy Tribute to Don Rickles .  
Aneesh Chopra explains the technological challenges the government faces .  
Jon starts a rumble with Philly .  
Jon takes a trip down terrible memory lane .  
india Jones files another report from the land of a thousand Modis .  
The Phillie Phanatic's   life has been difficult ever since that sex tape came out .   
indiaJones goes deep undercover as an indian schoolchild .  
World of WarriorShaft - 
indiaJones participates in an indian Zumba class .  
TDSBreakingNews Apple dethroned by Google as world's   most valuable brand .  Bing devastated , wonders where it went wrong .  WhensBingsTurn
TDSBreakingNews France spends $20 . 5 bil on trains 'too wide' for stations , Claim a few months of smoking will get trains thinner . 
Lord , grant indiaJones the serenity to not think about how much poop is in that water .  
Full Episode :  Jason Jones uncovers media bias in india , and Timothy Geithner makes a case for why the bailout worked .  
TDSBreakingNews Census :  more Hispanics identifying as 'white' , mostly to police officers and department store clerks . 
Poll shows 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Number A-1 Star Jason Jones does best indian Election Coverage 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary earned $5 mil since leaving office , all in royalties from Benghazi hearing reruns . 
TDSBreakingNews FBI relaxing pot policy for recruits .  Recruits can now smoke , but then have to bust themselves . 
indiaJones after trading his cameras for beer .  
What city is so insecure it has to put its name on cream cheese ?  - Jon Stewart  
A new type of handgun called the smart gun threatens to harm the status of its fellow guns .   
Chipotle bans guns after pro-gun demonstrators in Dallas stop by for burritos with their assault rifles .  
TDSBreakingNews Florida State Rep :  Common Core will turn students gay .  Florida now used in thousandth consecutive negative connotation . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL cheerleader alleges she was paid $2 per hour .  Forced to eat own pom-poms to survive . 
Jason Jones samples snacks provided to voters in the world's   largest democracy .   
After two weeks of promoting X-Men , James McAvoy admits he realized I am just a walking d**k joke .  
Jon's   Veterans' Affairs F**k-Ups Swear Jar overflowed on last night's   show .   
Big Book of A**holes - Department of Veterans Affairs 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 charges china with cyber-spying on American firms .  Illegally spying on Americans is America's   job , got it ?  BackOff
TDSBreakingNews NY raises minimum age to buy cigarettes to 21 , to join alcohol in the successful teenagers never consume this ever camp . 
TDSBreakingNews Kazakhstan homophobes build wall around gay nightclub .  Increased exclusivity only makes it hotter .  Oops
TDSBreakingNews The Sims 4 rated 'mature' in Russia .  Shirtless horseback riding and invading Crimea still rated very immature . 
This week :  Jon welcomes author Dr .  Martin Blaser , author Ron Suskind , Blondie , and actor Jim Parsons .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney calls for minimum-wage increase .  Adds , So , we're cool now , right , 47%-moochers ? 
F**k , It's   in My Backyard .  Jordan Klepper reports .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Dr .  Martin Blaser , author Ron Suskind , Blondie , and actor Jim Parsons .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Bitcoin is now approved for political donations .  Much like politicians , will probably be worthless in another four years . 
And Justice for Some 
TDSBreakingNews Snapchat admits its photos don't 'disappear forever' .  A sweat-drenched Lindsay Graham demands an investigation now , NOW . 
Taking the LA Clippers for a Spin 
I have to buy the Clippers , Jon , because obviously I own the calves already .  - John John Hodgman  
TDSBreakingNews Amazon workers not given adequate time for lunch , file lawsuit .  But where did they find the time to file a lawsuit ?  BUSTED
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
F**k , It's   in My Backyard .  Jordan Klepper reports .   
If a dog can smell one thing , it's   an asshole .  - Seth Rogen 
Democalypse 2014 - 2016 Foreplay Edition 
TDSBreakingNews Palin :  Hillary's   grandchild could 'open her eyes' on abortion .  Ugh , nobody likes a preachy baby .  LessPoliticsMoreGooGoo
Chewy CK FoodComedians
Kristen Shaa-colate FoodComedians
Al Madrigatoni Al Madrigal FoodComedians
Jescarole Williams foodcomedians
John Hodgmanchego FoodComedians
TDSBreakingNews In 10 years , every country will have armed drones .  In 15 , drones to be considered played out .  In 20 , retro fab . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll finds 1 in 5 people would have sex with a robot , as long as that robot isn't clingy .  GiveMeSomeRoboSpace
Last Night's   Full Episode :  
And Justice for Some 
TDSBreakingNews Russia develops 'Swearbot' to root out online obscenities .  Millions suddenly unable to accurately describe life in Russia . 
Jordan Klepper travels to South Carolina to determine which primary candidate is the farthest to the right .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi - The Outrage Spot 
Jordan Klepper goes to the right of the right .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
TDSBreakingNews UN declares polio emergency .  Polio joins measles , ebola on retro disease comeback tour DontCallItAComeback SeriouslyDoNot
TDSBreakingNews Antarctic ice shelf on the brink of unstoppable melt .  Could Ryan Gosling be to blame ?  MakesEvery1Melt AnInconvenient6pack
A Diverse Array of American Racism 
This week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and
TDSBreakingNews Royal expert claims Pippa had 'false bottom' at royal wedding .  Leads to claims he has false expertise ShowUsUrButtDegree
Next week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and Katie Couric DailyShow
Bill O'Reilly takes issue with Beyonce's   music .   dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Head of LA NAACP quits over ties w/ Sterling .  But if they're so close , why aren't there any Instagram pics of them ?  Wait
Next week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and
The Bad News Mayor 
 Beyonce's   music upsets Bill O'Reilly .   
TDSBreakingNews Study :  1st born children dream bigger , achieve more .  But later children more than compensated in hand-me-down jeans . 
TDSBreakingNews Snapchat debuts chat .  Users still waiting for snap feature Misnomer FalseAdvertising GiveTheKidsTheirSnaps
TDSBreakingNews Bill Clinton defends his economic legacy .  Yep , I was pretty awesome he recalls fondly .  DealWithItBro Modesty
No one does corruption better than the Northeast , baby !  - Jon Stewart 
Grimm Shady 
A number of IRS employees owe back taxes to the IRS .   
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell reveals mystery beef ingredients .  What's   bovine testicular particulate ? 
Consequence-Free Speech 
TDSBreakingNews Camels confirmed as source for MERS virus .  But camels claim they got it from Sheila , so go blame her . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  calling girls fat may result in weight gain , getting rejected by their hot 28-yr-old selves at HS reunion . 
TDSBreakingNews Donald Sterling banned from NBA .  Luckily there's   still a place for him in basketball .  
Mookie Wilson describes the roster full of characters on the '86 New York New York Mets  
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Larry Wilmore explains how to tackle racism in America .  
The Amazing Racism 
TDSBreakingNews Graduation rate at public high schools reaches 80% .  Other 20% STILL haven't seen Dangerous Minds GetOnIt
TDSBreakingNews Assad to seek 3rd term as Syria president , giving in to popular demand from his bedroom mirror . 
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon to destroy $1B in ammunition .  Will first have to invent bullets that can kill other bullets . 
The Best F king News Team gives CNN some advice on how to effectively cover climate change .  
Stephen Colbert Says Goodbye 
This week :  Jon welcomes former New York Mets OF Mookie Wilson author William Cohan , professors Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page , and
TDSBreakingNews Immigration push threatens to divide republicans , almost as if there were some sort of fence between them .  FenceIrony
TDSBreakingNews Half zebra , half donkey , born at Mexican Zoo .  Donkey tries to convince husband stripes are recessive trait .  CHEATERS
Next week :  Jon welcomes former New York Mets OF Mookie Wilson author William Cohan , professors Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page , and
It's   become clear to me that I've won television .  - Stephen Colbert 
The Broads Must Be Crazy 
Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts recalls drawing on her parents' wisdom to overcome breast cancer .  
Hannity Obsession 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Binge drinking leads to overeating .  Also , in some cases , drunkenness .  Research Science
Gandhi Before india author Ramachandra Guha delves into Gandhi's   early career .  
The Welfare Rancher on the Merits of Slavery 
TDSBreakingNews Coffee prices skyrocket after drought in Brazil .  Citizens jonesing for a fix forced to sell the sequins off their thongs . 
TDSBreakingNews FDA to ban E-cigarettes for minors .  Minors still allowed to teach their parents how to use them .  KidsWithTheirGadgets
TDSBreakingNews 1888 shipwreck debris found near Golden Gate Bridge .  Shipwreck renamed Shipwreckr and sold to Facebook for $23 billion . 
Grazed and Confused - Hannity Obsession 
Last Night :  Jon admits he's   obsessed with Sean Hannity and Stephen Colbert says goodbye .  
It's   become clear to me that I've won television .  - Stephen Colbert  
TDSBreakingNews New study links naps with higher risk of death , possibly due to hasty funeral parlors jumping the gun .  BuriedAsleep
The Broads Must Be Crazy 
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon to replace flight crews w/ full time robots .  Shoulda gone w/ part-time robots ;  save $ on robot health insurance . 
The Broads Must Be Crazy  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
TDSBreakingNews Moving in w/ parents becomes more common for middle-aged .  Parents report drastic increase in accurate microwave clocks . 
Sean Hannity has now made Glenn Beck the voice of reason .   
Apocalypse Cow 
TDSBreakingNews Most Americans doubt the Big Bang Theory .  Stubborn theory responds by continuing to be true . 
TDSBreakingNews Kraft recalls 96 ,000 lbs of Oscar Mayer wieners .  Apparently contaminated with actual beef . 
TDSBreakingNews Regulators approve powdered alcohol .  Parties on the International Space Station just got a lot less lame .  WhoSpikedTheTang
TDSBreakingNews Daycare costs more than college in 31 states .  So severe , people are literally selling their babies to pay for daycare . 
The DailyShow returns this week !  11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Chelsea Clinton is pregnant .  CNN declares baby early frontrunner for 2052 elections . 
The DailyShow returns Monday !  11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Ireland first country to convict reckless bankers , b/c chasing them out with a flute didn't work .  NiceTryStPatrick
TDSBreakingNews Scientists clone cells from two adult men .  It's   not Adam and Steve , it's   Adam and Adam and Steve and Steve .  GodsWay
TDSBreakingNews Putin :  Obama would save me if I were drowning .  He added , That is why I am unable to respect him .  Coward LetMeDie
Certain guests do a great job of reminding Jon Stewart how short he is .  TDSExclusive 
TDSBreakingNews Study finds brain changes in pot smokers .  Study then forgets what it was about to say .  StudysGottaCutBack
The Best F king News Team returns Monday with all new episodes ! 
Behind the Spotlight :  aasif mandvi Mandvi recalls witnessing a Republican say the N-word on TV .   
TDSBreakingNews Astronauts will grow lettuce in space with NASA veggie farm .  Moonmen urged to start buying local . 
Al Madrigal uncovers a liberal propaganda scheme aimed at Latinos .   
Samantha Bee contemplates the value of fools and confounds Jason Jones with multiple layers of sarcasm .  
TDSBreakingNews Louisiana votes to make bible the state book .  State bird is still Jesus if he were a bird . 
Sports Disparity 
Back to the Torture 
Wilshire Jessup does weird s**t to Obamacare .  
Sean Hannity dedicated not one , not two , but five different shows on the horrors of spring break .  - Jon Stewart 
Portrait Accomplished 
Wilshire Jessup does weird s**t to Obamacare .   
The inception of The Colbert Report .  
Sports Disparity  
Jon Stewart wishes David Letterman the best in retirement and congratulates Stephen Colbert  
TDSBreakingNews Carter :  Southern white men turn to GOP because of 'race' .  And GOP turns to southern racists because of 'votes' .  symbiosis
TDSBreakingNews Scientists grow human body parts in London lab .  Finally , achieve lifelong dream of being able to high five a petri dish . 
Sean Hannity dedicated not one , not two , but five different shows on the horrors of spring break .  - Jon Stewart 
Colin Firth discusses his new movie The Railway Man .  
It could happen here .  - Samantha Bee warns of Russia's   plans to claim a Brooklyn neighborhood  
Full Episode :  Samantha Bee fears Putin is plotting to invade Brooklyn and Fox News covers spring break festivities .  
TDSBreakingNews Airlines stop serving limes due to shortage .  Lemons chant our time is now !  at adorable secret lemon meeting .  FruitTales
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 corps have over $2 tril stashed overseas .  Stashed sounds so ugly .  Let's   say hidden with no intention of being taxed . 
TDSBreakingNews Sweden to try 6 hour public sector workday .  8 hours too grueling coming off 3 year maternity leave .  HappiestPlaceOnEarth
Obamacare is just the first stop on the Univision Telemundo propaganda train .  Al Madrigal  
TDSBreakingNews Summer gas price to dip 1 cent .  And in Galveston it's   free , just scoop it out of the water !  GonnaBeAGoodSummer
TDSBreakingNews Bush , Clinton sit together at NCAA championship game .  Share hot dog , Lady And The Tramp-style .  TheHeartWantsWhatItWants
TDSBreakingNews White House defends its own gender pay gap .  Sasha and Malia's   $5/week allowance skews the average .  StillPrettyWeakAllowance
Back to the Torture 
Portrait Accomplished  
TDSBreakingNews Mormon church :  Homosexuality still not okay .  Wants to avoid being lumped in w/ tolerance fad sweeping nation .  KeepItReal
This week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds closes in Crimea .  Just the latest chapter in longstanding feud between Putin and Ronald McDonald .  AllOverAWoman
This is the continuing saga of the badassery of Samuel L .  Jackson - Jon Stewart 
Governor Chris Christie's   own investigation exonerates him .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow
The Daily Show's   resident Supreme Court sketch artist's   renderings from the recent SCOTUS arguments .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 creates 192 ,000 jobs in march .  Sadly , 192 ,001 would've been the magic number to stop people hating Obama !  SoClose
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
Donors Unchained  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Obamacare more popular than Obama .  President surprised to discover new way Obamacare can screw him .  CantStopWontStop
This is the continuing saga of the badassery of Samuel L .  Jackson - Jon Stewart  
True Defective :  General Motors  
True Defective  
A place less moral than the Caymans ?  Fantastic .  - Deranged Millionaire John John Hodgman  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 confirms warrantless searches of Americans .  Warrants face existential crisis , ask heavens Why was I put on this earth ? 
TDSBreakingNews Merkel approves Germany's   first minimum wage .  German laborers rejoice by frowning slightly less .  NotASmileyPeople
Full Episode :  CNN desperately struggles to fill its news cycle with Flight 370 developments .  
No News Bearers 
TDSBreakingNews japan ends half-century ban on weapons exports .  In the right hands , a human-shaped sex pillow can be lethal .  LilKnownFact
Cash Cow - High-Frequency Trading  ( 2009 )  
TDSBreakingNews Ted Cruz fakes Winston Churchill tattoo for April Fools .  No one more relieved at reveal than ghost of Winston Churchill . 
Governor Chris Christie's   own investigation exonerates him .  
Last Night's   Full Episode :  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  30% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults get their news from Facebook .  Also where they get 99% of their pokes .  ButWhatOfTheOther1Percent
TDSBreakingNews Paris elects first female mayor .  Immediately cheats on her .  RichCulturalTradition
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on the benefits of fracking .  
This week :  Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Russian dairy plant closed after workers bathe in milk .  Explains legendary skin of Russian factory workers .  LikePorcelain
MeConnelling 
This week :  Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare enrollment reaches 6 million .  3 Million of those proud new members of 404 Gateway Not found plan . 
Jude Law joins Jon at the desk to talk about beards and a building in London that looks like giant vibrator .  
CNN takes time to consider a black hole and the Bermuda Triangle .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  11/10c . 
The Benefits of Fracking - aasif mandvi Mandvi reports .   
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
TDSBreakingNews Obama , Pope Francis meet for the first time .  Basketball game cut short by Pope's   trademark backboard-shattering mega-dunk . 
TDSBreakingNews MA Guv candidate passes kidney stone during debate .  Raises question :  why was he peeing on stage ?  PottyTrainOurPoliticians
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds now offering $12 burger .  McDonalds employees trading those burgers on the streets for clothes , shelter . 
I love having a beard .  When I don't have one , I miss it terribly .  - Jon Stewart 
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
The Supreme Court deliberates on Hobby Lobby v .  Sebelius .  
TDSBreakingNews china sells bottled air to tourists .  Ha ha !  They're making a charming joke out of what will eventually kill them !  goofs
TDSBreakingNews North Korean men required to get Kim Jong-un haircuts , under penalty of looking super unhip .  EuphemismForExecution
TDSBreakingNews Russians seize Ukraine's   elite dolphin combat unit .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military plots defense strategy against hoops and beach balls . 
Mitchtake !  Make mcconnelling the new Rickrolling mitchrolling  
New :  
Putin doesn't give a s**t .  - Jessica Williams  
MeConnelling 
Surgeon General nominee Dr .  Vivek Murthy's   comments about the NRA draw conservative opposition .  
CNN takes time to consider a black hole and the Bermuda Triangle .   
As theories about the fate of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 snowball , Fox News suspects terrorism .  
Full Episode :  Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , Surgeon General nominee Dr .  Murthy , and Arianna Huffington .  
TDSBreakingNews japan turns over nuclear materials , but hides tentacle porn under mattress during inspection .  WeAllHaveOurVices
TDSBreakingNews Town pays Ted Nugent $16 ,000 not to appear at event .  Spot to be filled by rambling homeless man .  HugeUpgrade
TDSBreakingNews Biden calls on Congress to pass gay rights bill , then undercuts plea by asking Congress to pass nachos .  DudeLovesToSnack
This week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , Jude Law , and FiveThirtyEight 
This week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  
Next week :  We're back !  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return with all new episodes on Monday night !  11/10c . 
Next week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
The DailyShow's   Top 30 McConnelling Videos Of All Time 
The Best F king News Team returns with all new episodes - and a brand new f king website  - on Monday night !  11/10c . 
Rock out to some death mcconnelling 
The DailyShow's   Top 30 McConnelling Videos Of All Time 
Can't stop mcconnelling .  dailyshow 
Special Edition :  St .  Patrick's   Day 
McConnelling 
A very patriotic mcconnelling .  dailyshow 
Judge Andrew Napolitano makes his case regarding Abraham Lincoln's   legacy .  
The bagel has been buttered .  - Jordan Klepper 
mcconnelling is just getting started .  dailyshow 
I'm ready for class , professor .  - Jon Stewart to Eric Bolling 
McConnelling 
Jon prepares for Eric Bolling to school him on public assistance .  
McConnelling 
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   hit by lawsuit , claiming it steals wages .  Hamburglar insists I'm a one-crime man .  HamburgersOnly
TDSBreakingNews Putin's   popularity hits 3-year high .  In response his nipples hit 3-year erectness .  ShirtlessAndLovinIt
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Americans think sugar is more harmful than pot , ergo pot IS , in fact , a gateway drug .  Munchies MoreBrowniesPlease
The bagel has been buttered .  - Jordan Klepper  
Federally funded penis pumps ?  Samantha Bee reports .   
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 having coldest 6 months since 1912 .  Congress proposes banning October through December from the calendar .  ProblemSolved
TDSBreakingNews Average Wall St .  bonus over $164K .  Average American's   outrage about bonus over WTF !  ARGGG
TDSBreakingNews Gambia drops English as official language .  Addition of the word twerk said to be final straw .  EvenGambiaHasItsLimits
Exclusive - The Weakest Lincoln 
TDSBreakingNews Elephants can differentiate human languages .  Quick !  Kill them before they start correcting our grammar !  OhWaitWeAlreadyAre
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann :  Gays 'bullied Americans' and 'intimidated politicians' .  Probably with their sick abs and pecs .  LookinGoodGays
Pope Francis' papacy turns one .   
TDSBreakingNews Gas prices on the rise again .  Thrifty car owners siphon gas from the Gulf directly into their tanks . 
A supermarket tabloid about God's   emissary on Earth ?  I don't like it .  I love it !   
Republican leaders vie for the spot of presidential hopeful heir apparent at CPAC .  
TDSBreakingNews Sbarro files for bankruptcy .  Americans forced to buy regular pizza and heat it under desk lamp 'til it sweats .  NotTheSame
TDSBreakingNews The Dalai Lama endorses gay marriage .  DL's   huggability factor skyrockets .  TheySaidItWasntPossible WannaPinchDozeCheeks
This week :  Jon welcomes author Paul Taylor , Fox News analyst Judge Napolitano Jason Bateman and author Anita Hill .  11/10 on
Full Episode - Rachel Maddow 
aasif mandvi highlights the quality of the best health care system in the world by visiting RAM 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A 
Fox News deems seafood as an inappropriate food source for low income Americans .  
Russia throws an armed suprise party for its neighbor Crimea .  
It turns out dogs and computers are racist .  Jessica R .  Williams reports .   
Conservative pundits are won over by Vladimir Putin's   shirtless antics .  
Kimberly Marten explains the current situation in Ukraine in under 10 minutes .  
Big Vladdy 
aasif mandvi highlights the quality of the best health care system in the world .   RAM 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A :  
Jessica R .  Williams puts on her best shaming nun face .   
Afghan Hustle 
TDSBreakingNews Edward Snowden to speak at SXSW .  Booking miscommunication :  SXSW thought he was an actual whistle blower .  PanPipesAreHip
TDSBreakingNews Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize .  Massing of Russian troops near Norway just a coincidence .  MoveAlong Nothing2CHere
It turns out dogs and computers are racist .  Jessica R .  Williams reports .   
What Not To Buy  
TDSBreakingNews Supreme Court to rule on inmates' right to grow a beard .  Begs question , hipsters go to jail ?  DontTheirParentsBailThemOut
TDSBreakingNews Radioshack closing 1 ,100 stores as troubles grow .  1st sign of trouble :  doing business in a shack .  ShouldaSeenItComing
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  The rich , white , healthy more likely to oppose Obamacare .  Why can't everyone get healthcare the normal way ?  OnAYacht
Jordan Klepper talks with Entertainment Weekly about his first night on The DailyShow .  
There is no way to win .  It's   like the Kobayashi Maru .  - Seth MacFarlane on hosting the Oscars 
It's   a Vlad , Vlad , Vlad , Vlad World 
TDSBreakingNews FLOTUS to visit china in March .  Will advise Chinese kids on how to become healthier , more active future global overlords . 
TDSBreakingNews Marco Rubio :  Russia has a government of liars .  Each lie nested in a slightly large lie .  NoveltyDollSlam
TDSBreakingNews Disney ends funding to Boy Scouts over gay policy .  Huey , Dewey , and Louie celebrate with Appletinis .  OneSmallStep
This Just In !  Barack Obama and Joe Biden run together for AT LEAST 47 seconds a week !  LetsMove ButNotTooMuch 
This week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Al Madrigal struggles to explain the pitfalls of Medicaid expansion to those hoping for help with health care .  
This week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Gay-Ban - Arizona's   Preemptive Strike 
Next week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Author Kevin Roose discusses his new book about Wall Street's   next generation of financiers .  
Al Madrigal struggles to explain the pitfalls of Medicaid expansion to those hoping for help with health care .  
Millions of the Tamagotchi of currency disappear from the Bitcoin currency exchange Mt .  Gox .  
TDSBreakingNews North Korea launches missiles into sea .  Jong Un demands traitorous missiles be retrieved , executed for their failure . 
TDSBreakingNews UK spied on naked webchats .  Step 1 in its new homeland security plan , Operation Give the Terrorists Body Image Issues . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA has discovered 715 new planets , right when their budget was cut by 715-planet-exploring dollars .  PRETTY CONVENIENT . 
Chuck Hagel announces cuts to the defense budget .  America's   best-known Dick announces his feelings on the subject .  
Gay-Ban 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  GOP doesn't want Christie in 2016 .  But Chris Christie don't care !  He's   happy with New .  .  .  Jer .  .  .  Can't even type it . 
TDSBreakingNews CA couple finds $10 mil buried in their backyard .  That weird guy on the beach with a metal detector sheds a single tear . 
Mexican authorities capture Corn Porridge .   
Anarchy in the Ukraine  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Rob Ford says he's   been drinking , but feels fantastic .  Plans to keep drinking , keep feeling fantastic .  BestHangoverCure
Author Hooman Majd  hmajd )  compares iranian state surveillance to the American variety .  
Denunciation Proclamation 
Jason Jones files his final report from Sochi-ish , and learns the most important Russian lesson of all .  
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jon Un expecting 2nd child .  1st child needed someone to eventually be poisoned by .  Sad ButTrue
TDSBreakingNews 3-D printers may someday print livers , so drink up people !  Plastic livers are on the way !  MadeFromRecycledMaterials
TDSBreakingNews Piers Morgan to end CNN show .  That's   right .  His ratings were too low .  .  .  for CNN .  AndTheySaidItCouldntBeDone
This week :  Author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama to dems :  make midterm races 's  exy' .  May explain why Al Franken is in so much of the SI Swimsuit Issue
This week :  Jon welcomes author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c .  DailyShow
 MichaelSam52 threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Dogs intuit emotions the same way humans do .  Also hump friends and play with themselves .  WereNotSoDifferentAfterAll
Kevin Spacey joins Jon at the desk to discuss the latest season of HouseOfCards 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c . 
Jason Jones charts communist Russia transformation into the ultimate red state .  
The Dunn verdict is really the cherry on top of the s**t sundae that is Black History Month .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
MSNBC's   Ronan Farrow discusses his new show Ronan Farrow Daily .  
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann :  Obama was elected because of white guilt .  Then re-elected .   ( White people feel REALLY guilty .  ) 
The States :  Meth Labs of Democracy 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Online trolls are psychopaths and sadists .  Bridge-dwelling trolls just hungry and misunderstood .  GiveATrollAChance
American Hustle director David O .  Russell explores his empathetic connection to his characters .  
Jason Jones charts communist Russia transformation into the ultimate red state .  
Romancing the Drone 
TDSBreakingNews CBO says $10 min wage would kill 500K jobs , part of their latest report titled Everything Will Suck No Matter What 2014 . 
The Dunn verdict is really the cherry on top of the s**t sundae that is Black History Month .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
TDSBreakingNews Elderly nun jailed for 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 nuclear site break in .  Whoopi Goldberg to adapt story for hit movie-musical .  SisterActivist
Kevin Spacey joins Jon at the desk to discuss the latest season of HouseOfCards 
Jessica Williams discusses the Jordan Davis shooting and shares the real lessons of Black History Month .  
Unjustified  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 86% of NFL players OK with gay teammate .  Other 14% too concussed to remember what gay means . 
TDSBreakingNews Navy plans to deploy its first laser on a ship this year , mostly for distracting water kittens .  CutestEnemiesEver
TDSBreakingNews Candy Crush has 1 . 9B in revenue , files for IPO .  But if people hate candy this much , then why is everyone so fat ?  mystery
This week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c . 
This week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Next week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jason Jones reports from Moscow 
 MichaelSam52 threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Behind the Iron Closet 
Is there a rule ambassadors can't have set foot in the countries they are going to ambassador ?  
Diplomat Buyers Club 
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Behind the Iron Closet 
Norway leads the medal count with 12 .  Followed by the Netherlands and Canada , then Whitesylvania and Albinostan .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 press freedom declines to 46th place , due to 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Gov censoring the recent oil spill in TWITTER ACCOUNT TERMINATED
TDSBreakingNews Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 teens more stressed than adults .  Parents urge them to relax , they won't get into Duke with these grades anyway . 
American Border Story 
TDSBreakingNews Bacon spending at an all time high .  When will the bacon bubble burst ?  Also , how delicious would a bacon bubble be ? 
Michael Sam threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Commie Dearest 
TDSBreakingNews Mark Zuckerberg is 2013's   biggest charity giver .  But America gives back !  In the form of unauthorized personal information . 
Ty Burrell discusses his dream of one day meeting Stephen Colbert and getting sucked into the abyss of New York Mets fandom .  
Friday Night Rights 
Olympics Has Fallen  
TDSBreakingNews House GOPer :  drop nuclear bomb on Obamacare .  Which will be replaced by GOP's   Duckandcovercare . 
TDSBreakingNews Swiss vote to keep out immigrants , but if they're serious about security , they should fix the holes in their cheese .  Obvi
TDSBreakingNews Mike Huckabee :  God gave us sexual drive .  Repeated to several women til he was kicked out of the bar .  JesusAintUrWingMan
This week :  Jon welcomes actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Biden considers run in 2016 .  If not , maybe Olympic biathlete , large animal vet or Top Chef winner .  HeresToTheDreamers
TDSBreakingNews NSA overwhelmed by cell phone use , begs Americans to just text any terrorist schemes .  WhoTalksOnThePhoneAnymore
Bill O'Reilly , President Obama , and the Super Bowl Pre-Show 
Back in Black - The Sochi Winter Olympics 
Next week :  Actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c . 
Cutthroat political tactics come to Coralville , Iowa .  Jason Jones reports .  
TDSBreakingNews Fraternities back denying federal aid to hazers .  Some guys go too far , says frat bro covered in semen and peanut butter . 
Double-Wide World of Sports 
The residents of Bulls**t Mountain champion the same job lock they once railed against .  
Next week :  Actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c .  DailyShow
For our friends up north :  Author robyndoolittle shares details of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's   ascendancy .  
Crazy Town author robyndoolittle shares details of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's   ascendancy .  
 
There's   only one small problem with Fox News's   apocalyptic , CBO report-based predictions .  
TDSBreakingNews Russia :  Sochi as safe as NYC .  .  .  ( cough , cough )  .  .  .  ( under breath ) In the 1980s .  .  .  ( cough )  . 
TDSBreakingNews Subway removing shoe rubber chemical from bread .  So that's   what they meant by footlong .  IWantMyFiveDollarsBack
TDSBreakingNews iran adopting universal healthcare , guarantees coverage for pre-existing conditions like living in iran . 
George Clooney likens the dance Jason Jones did on last night's   show to unspeakable horrors .  
When Americans for Prosperity came to town , it was kinda like getting endorsed by Charles Manson .  - Chris Turner 
Breaking Up Bad 
Cutthroat political tactics come to Coralville , Iowa .  Jason Jones reports .   
TDSBreakingNews CVS to end sales of tobacco , but guarantee same great deals on tall boys and sugar water .  BabySteps
china's   moon rover runs into technical problems and bids adieu to the people of Earth .  
TDSBreakingNews Feds :  NSA 'probably' spies on members of Congress .  Finally , we might find out how a bill REALLY becomes a law ! 
TDSBreakingNews SandP downgrades Puerto Rican bonds to junk status .  Also , repossesses Rico from its name .  ItsJustPuertoNow
Elizabeth Banks weighs in on The Lego Movie and the importance of proper footwear .  
Appetite for Distraction 
Bill O'Reilly sits down with President Obama to discuss important components of the Fox scandal grab-bag .  
TDSBreakingNews Deficit to hit new low under Obama .  Fox to tease out story's   NEW LOW UNDER OBAMA !  angle . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA pursues plan to return to the moon .  .  . or will it go for the first time ?  DammitKubrickDontLieToUs
Moment of Zen - Philip Seymour Hoffman Tribute 
The Closer  
Snow Cleanup in Bill de Blasio's   New York 
TDSBreakingNews Congress imposes fees on winter home heating oil .  If Americans get cold , will it numb their pre-existing rage at Congress ? 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 cattle herd at lowest number since 1951 .  Huh , thath weirb .  -- guy eating a double whopper . 
Nancy Pelosi discusses the Affordable Care Act and government's   intrinsic inefficiencies .  
This week :  NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle 
President Obama uses lessons learned from passive-aggressive Jewish mothers in his 2014 State of the Union address .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle DailyShow
Next week :  NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle 
South Parked 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  GOP must be 'alternative party ,' not 'opposition party . ' Dusts off bass , flannel , refers to self as Pearl John . 
TDSBreakingNews india's   supreme court :  gay sex is a crime and will stay a crime .  Still , at least they admit gay people exist !  OneUpOniran
Johnny Knoxville reflects on his film's   Academy Award nomination and his lifetime of stunts .  
Republicans uninterested in bipartisanship decry President Obama's   lack of bipartisanship .  
President Obama uses lessons learned from passive-aggressive Jewish mothers in his 2014 State of the Union address .  
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds seeks to outsell Starbucks in coffee , tired of competing solely for most vagrant-friendly bathrooms . 
TDSBreakingNews Egypt charges 20 journalists with airing false news .  The offending report :  All's   well in Egypt . 
The only thing in Russia that's   more exposed than their corruption is their president's   nipples .  - Lewis Black 
Samantha Bee explores the devastating economic effects of raising the minimum wage to the poverty level .  
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth down to her last mil due to overspending .  Turns out corgis don't appreciate in value over time WhoKnew
  talks with Jon about breaking barriers for Jews on television .  
 StayHannity
Sean Hannity says if his conservative views are not welcome in New York , he will leave .  
Where Are We Now ?   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Johnson and Johnson pulls formaldehyde from baby shampoo .  Realized it wouldn't make them stay babies forever .  SadButTrue
TDSBreakingNews Hillary says her biggest regret is Benghazi .  My god , she must be trying to distract us from an EVEN WORSE scandal ! 
TDSBreakingNews Paul Ryan has no desire to be House Speaker .  Prefers something more fun and rewarding , like paper cut ointment-tester . 
TDSBreakingNews 3 mil people have signed up for Obamacare .  Turns out people like not dying of illness .  NotDying Trending
TDSBreakingNews Snowden :  I'm not coming home , adding , how can I when they turned my room into a home gym ?  GottaGrowUpSometime
2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics  DailyShow
The 1st Annual Wilmore Awards 
No Velveeta !  ?  What will I do without my milk-based sodium phosphate ?  
Dishonorably discharged Vietnam vets with PTSD can't get treatment bc they were dishonorably discharged bc of PTSD .  
A group of the world's   wealthiest people gather in an secluded mountain enclave to discuss income inequality .  
This week :  Jon welcomes     Johnny Knoxville and Nancy Pelosi  11/10c . 
Next week :  Jon welcomes     Johnny Knoxville and Nancy Pelosi  11/10c . 
War of Peacecraft 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  GOP thinks people are poor because they don't work hard enough .  TRUE !  At $7 . 25/hour they need to work much harder ! 
TDSBreakingNews Pope :  The internet is a 'gift from God' .  Pope and porn addicts finally find common ground .  WereNotSoDifferentAfterAll
hari sreenivasan Sreenivasan describes the fundamental differences between PBS's   mission and that of 24-hour cable news .  
The 1st Annual Wilmore Awards  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Smartphones damaging sleep , productivity .  With one exception .  DickPicProductivity AllTimeHigh
TDSBreakingNews Snowden denies being a Russian spy .  Which is EXACTLY the kind of thing a Russian spy would do .  TotesBustedBro
india , Nigeria and Uganda pass anti-gay legislation in preparation for the 2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics .  
Author Theresa Payton details the myriad ways in which technology threatens private information .  
Dishonorably discharged Vietnam vets with PTSD can't get treatment bc they were dishonorably discharged bc of PTSD .  
2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews china lifts Lady Gaga ban , yet still refuses to lift Meat Dress tariff .  StillSoFarToGo
TDSBreakingNews Barbara Bush :  I love Bill Clinton .  Apparently , the woman has a type .  FormerLeadersOfTheFreeWorld
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie sworn in for 2nd term .  Prepare for much more Christie swearing to come . 
Marilynne Roach dispels popular myths surrounding the Salem witch trials .  
No Velveeta !  What will I do without my milk-based sodium phosphate ?   
President Obama imposes self-enforced guidelines on secret government surveillance .  
TDSBreakingNews Prince Charles takes over royal duties .  Fancy term for taking the corgis out to do their royal duty . 
TDSBreakingNews Julian Assange calls Obama embarrassing .  Malia and Sasha whole-heartedly agree .  DadsAreSoUncool
This week :  Author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c on
Hillary Clinton's   Hit List 
Coal Miner's   Water - A Terrorist Plot ?  Jason Jones reports .  
Next week :  Author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c + 
A pill-popping afternoon drunk who's   riddled with hepatitis ?  There's   gotta be a catch !  - Samantha Bee 
Tim Gunn reflects on the pressure that comes with being famously well-dressed .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c .  DailyShow
From GM to Hamas , women make inroads in traditionally male organizations .   
TDSBreakingNews Hershey to develop printable foods .  And from there it's   just a small step to edible foods ! 
TDSBreakingNews Americans worse off financially than last year .  Also older and closer to death .  Makes the money thing seem less bad , right ? 
Full Episode :  Congress threatens to nuke a nuclear deal with iran .  Jon welcomes former Defense Secretary Robert Gates 
Let's   Break a Deal 
Bieber by the Dozen 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Netherlands has healthiest , most plentiful food .  Almost makes up for having woodenest , least comfortable shoes . 
Tim Gunn reflects on the pressure that comes with being famously well-dressed .  
TDSBreakingNews Beatles' Paul and Ringo to reunite at Grammys .  No word yet on who will twerk on who . 
A pill-popping afternoon drunk who's   riddled with hepatitis ?  There's   gotta be a catch !   
Hillary Clinton's   Hit List 
Jon ponders the media's   tradition of assigning a gate to every scandal .  
We've got a case of the Fives .  .  .  FNTheFive TheFive 
TDSBreakingNews Weather channel pulled from Direct TV .  Customers feverishly seek new channel to leave on for their dogs . 
TDSBreakingNews CO launches Don't Drive Stoned ads .  Stoners agree not to do anything at all while stoned , just in case .  Selfless Heroes
TDSBreakingNews Obama to visit Pope .  Wants God to explain the meaning of Congress .  BigQuestions
Coal Miner's   Water - A Terrorist Plot ?  Jason Jones reports .  
Coal Miner's   Water 
Special Edition :  Best Bridge-related Coverage .  Christie apologizes .  Al Madrigal on a bridge to Canada .  Jeff Bridges .  
TDSBreakingNews Syrian militant group tries to recruit Americans .  But fails to offer free sign-up t-shirt .  NiceTry MostImportantPart
This week :  Filmmaker Roger Ross Williams , Tim Gunn Robert Gates , and Steven Brill 11/10c on Comedy Central and 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 job growth worst in years .  But how many years ?  Are we allowed to go further back until we look better ? 
The DailyShow is back !  
Let me say something right here , right now :  I know my audience .  
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on health care advertising with help from America's   bros and lady bros .  
Inside Llewyn Davis star Oscar Isaac tells Jon about the musical he wrote in fifth grade .  
Next week :  Filmmaker Roger Ross Williams , Tim Gunn Robert Gates , and Steven Brill 11/10c on Comedy Central and 
Slumdogs vs .  Millionaires  
Scarlett Johansson discusses the post-modern love story at the heart of Spike Jonze's   movie , Her .  
The NeverEnding Sorry  
Slumdogs vs .  Millionaires  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Washington State faces too many pot growers problem .  In related news , Washington State wins award for Best Problem . 
TDSBreakingNews Insane Clown Posse sues feds over gang designation .  Because come on , they're clearly a posse .  RightThereInTheNameFeds
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on health care advertising with help from America's   bros and lady bros .   DailyShow
Email Chains , Lanes and Automobiles 
TDSBreakingNews Earth reaches 1 billion smokers .  Respond smokers :  We did it !  Hip hip hoora- COUGH-COUGH-HACK-WHEEZE  ( spits loogie )  ! 
TDSBreakingNews china lifts ban on video game consoles .  Citizens can't wait to try this Sega Dreamcast they've heard so much about . 
TDSBreakingNews Kraft cheese warns of Velveeta shortage .  Luckily , orange food coloring and glue still abound !  SameGreatTaste
David Brooks betrays the ideals behind his stirring tribute to hedonism .  
Let me say something right here , right now :  I know my audience .   
TDSBreakingNews McCain :  Obama blew the whole thing in Iraq .  Adds , For the money we spent , that war should've lasted another decade ! 
TDSBreakingNews Drudge opts out of Obamacare for life .  Subsequent lack of insurance makes for life vow much more achievable . 
TDSBreakingNews Gingrich on global warming :  Life was fine during dinosaur age .  And those guys turned out great !  NotExtinctInOurHearts
Inside Llewyn Davis star Oscar Isaac tells Jon about the musical he wrote in fifth grade .  
The DailyShow is back !  
TDSBreakingNews German Chancellor Angela Merkel fractures pelvis .  Related story :  NSA looking into ways to wiretap fractured pelvises . 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary PAC rents out 2008 prez campaign e-mail list .  So get ready to wire H1l ry Cl1nt0n some money in Nigeria . 
TDSBreakingNews Dennis Rodman :  North Korea 'not that bad . ' Says the same guy who wanted to marry Dennis Rodman .  TerribleTaste
Tickets still available for this week's   DailyShow tapings at 
This week Jon welcomes actors Oscar Isaac and Steve Coogan , plus Richard Cordray of consumerfinance . gov and actress Scarlett Johansson .  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team Ever Covers Breaking News 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  DailyShow
Jon Stewart Looks at Floaters  DailyShow
Next week :  Jon welcomes actors Oscar Isaac and Steve Coogan , plus Richard Cordray of consumerfinance . gov and actress Scarlett Johansson .  DailyShow
The DailyShow returns with all new episodes on Monday !  11/10c on
Happy January 2014 !  Time to put those Christmas decorations back up !  XMas2014StartsNow
How does 2013 Florida have a law that seems cut and pasted from 1881 Tombstone ?  2013  
Congressional Republicans save America from the most insidious law ever created by man .   2013
The Daily Show celebrates John Oliver's   final night as a correspondent .   
John Hodgman warns of the 6-foot-5 liberal , fair housing-loving Sandinista Yeti who will soon be set loose in NYC .  
Lewis Black expected more from the future .  
Raul Castro isn't even Fidel Castro .  He's   like Cuba's   Jim Belushi .  He's   good .  .  .  but he ain't John .  
The War on Christmas is over .  Christmas won .  BetterLuckNextYearH8rs
The Best of The War on Christmas 
Twas the night before christmas and all thru the house everyone was checking twitter instead of being with their family .  MerryXmasEve
Video Collection :  The War on Christmas Through the Years 
White Santa and Megyn Kelly's   Apology  dailyshow
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas 
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas 
The Real Hunger Games  DailyShow
Fox News defends a Duck Dynasty star's   right to say ignorant s**t on television .  
The Daily Show celebrates John Oliver's   final night as a correspondent .   
Last night's   guests calmly answered questions about their new movie , Anchorman 2 .  
The Best of the WarOnChristmas 
Court documents show that a French IKEA used covert surveillance against its own employees .  
Things got a little out of hand last night with the stars of Anchorman2 .   
John Oliver reports on disgraced E . P . A .  official and 1983 Wimbledon champion John Beale .  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil denies asylum to Edward Snowden .  Followed moments later by application from mustachioed stranger Fredward Frowden . 
The Real Hunger Games  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews TSA :  'Some' snow globes allowed on planes this Christmas .  Coincidentally , TSA-branded snow globes available for purchase ! 
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 11 - Do dogs like Christmas ?  
Jessica R .  Williams explores conservative , starvation-centered alternatives to the SNAP food stamp program .   DailyShow
John Boehner pushes back against conservative critics of the bipartisan budget agreement .  
TDSBreakingNews Wal-mart selling Occupy Wall Street posters .  It appears the occupiers have become the occupiees !  OccupyIncorrectGrammar
TDSBreakingNews Artificial sweeteners found in rivers , drinking water .  Scientists grew suspicious with discovery of diabetic catfish . 
TDSBreakingNews Snowden seeks asylum in Brazil .  More like ASSylum !  DontHighFiveUS WeAreBetterThanThis
Wadjda director Haifaa Al Mansour explains how she became the first female filmmaker in b835b521c29f399c78124c4b59341691 .  
White Santa and Megyn Kelly's   Apology  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Google buys military robot makers .  Swears it has nothing to do with shooting down Amazon's   drones . 
TDSBreakingNews Yemen parliament bans drone attacks .  In related news , tiny bunnies ban coyote attacks .  GoodLuckWithThat
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 9 - The History of the War on Christmas  
War on Christmas - S t's   Getting Weird Edition  
This week :  Jon welcomes filmmaker Haifaa Al Mansour author Erik Prince , a few gentlemen from Anchorman2 , and Jonah Hill .  11/10c . 
Apartheid is Not Obamacare 
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas 
American Horrible Story 
Raul Castro isn't even Fidel Castro .  He's   like Cuba's   Jim Belushi .  He's   good .  .  .  but he ain't John .  
Coming next week :  Filmmaker Haifaa Al Mansour author Erik Prince , a few gentlemen from Anchorman2 , plus Jonah Hill .  11/10c . 
Lewis Black expected more from the future .  
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas  DailyShow
S**t's   Getting Weird 
Next week :  Filmmaker Haifaa Al Mansour author Erik Prince , a few gentlemen from Anchorman2 , plus Jonah Hill .  11/10c . 
Moment of Zen - Santa Claus is a Black Man  DailyShow
WarOnChristmas - S**t's   Getting Weird Edition 
C'mon , twerk that hot robot ass .  - Lewis Black 
Full Episode :  Fox News confirms Santa Claus's   whiteness .  The future disappoints Lewis Black .  Guest EL 
WarOnChristmas - S**t's   Getting Weird Edition  
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  Outside conservative groups 'lost all credibility' .  Classic case of the Boehner calling the Cheeto orange .  Idioms
TDSBreakingNews Uruguay becomes first nation to fully legalize pot .  Surpasses Paraguay as everyone's   favorite guay . 
The budget saga continues with a special appearance by Reginald VelJohnson  
Budge Report - A Miraculous Compromise 
The DailyShow on Twitter in 2013 :  
An agreement between Republican Paul Ryan and Democrat Patty Murray threatens Congress's   reputation for f**kery .  
TDSBreakingNews 200 ,000 apply to be first Mars colonists .  Want to get there before all those hipsters push the rents up . 
TDSBreakingnews Marco Rubio signs up for Obamacare .  Concedes , What was I thinking ?  This was an awesome idea !  YeahRight
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   CEO makes $9 ,247 an hour .  Coincidentally , also number of calories a McDonald's   customer consumes an hour . 
Amy Adams discusses her new movie American Hustle .   DailyShow
Raul Castro isn't even Fidel Castro .  He's   like Cuba's   Jim Belushi .  He's   good .  .  .  but he ain't John .  
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Pope Francis is Time's   Person of the Year .  Also nominated for Best Actor , Pulitzer , and frontrunner for Heisman .  CoolPope
Jason Jones meets the Picasso of gerrymandering .   
American Horrible Story  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews china :  'Our smog gives us military defense advantage . ' Adding :  Does anyone buy that ?  No ?  Maybe just a little ? 
Last night :  aasif mandvi prepares to report from Azeroth .   
Apartheid is Not Obamacare  DailyShow
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 6 - Chart :  How Are We Waging War on Christmas ?   
The N . S . A .  spies on World of World of Warcraft Greychalk aasif mandvi reports from Azeroth .   
That Thing They Said They're Not Doing ?  They're Totally Doing  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Beer , diet soda sales in mysterious decline .  Beer-flavored diet soda sales in completely understandable decline . 
Guests this week :  Author Husain Haqqani Amy Adams , author Reza Aslan and EL DailyShow 11/10c . 
This Week :  Jon welcomes Idris Elba Amy Adams , author Reza Aslan and EL DailyShow 11/10c . 
Don't look up English Breakfast on Urban Dictionary .  Don't look up English Breakfast on Urban Dictionary .  .  .  
Next Week :  Idris Elba Amy Adams , author Reza Aslan and EL DailyShow 11/10c . 
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas 
I likes my news like I likes my ladies :  short and punchy and delivered secondhand by anonymous sociopaths .  
TDSBreakingNews Canada plans to claim north pole .  Confidently asserts elf insurgency is in its death throes . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  GOP should support openly gay candidates .  Adding , If they love Cher as much as I do , they can't be ALL bad . 
Next Week :  Jon welcomes Idris Elba Amy Adams , author Reza Aslan and EL DailyShow 11/10c . 
John Hodgman warns of the 6-foot-5 liberal , fair housing-loving Sandinista Yeti who will soon be set loose in NYC .  
Fast food workers demand a livable wage .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Wall St .  Analyst :  10% chance Obama resigns .  65% chance he will promise to resign , then fail to follow through . 
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 3 - The DailyShow War on Christmas Etsy Store 
Samantha Bee investigates the totally legal business dealings of a private equity firm called Blackstone 
Corporations pay the nominal price for years of systemic fraud .  
I thought I would look pretty good in a skirt .  - Jared Leto 
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 3 
I likes my news like I likes my ladies :  short and punchy and delivered secondhand by anonymous sociopaths .  
Fox News warns of a Muslim-y thing that is going to destroy America .  
TDSBreakingNews Olive Garden adds Italiano burger to menu .  Because nothing says Italian cuisine like a sandwich named after a German city . 
TDSBreakingNews Report :  Obamacare costs billions less than originally thought .  Has also pulled plug on dozens fewer grandmas . 
TDSBreakingNews Detroit officially enters bankruptcy .  Then steals bankruptcy's   copper wiring , sneaks out through back window . 
The 12 Days of The War on Christmas  DailyShow
Black Friday Chaos  DailyShow
Don't look up English Breakfast on Urban Dictionary .  Don't look up English Breakfast on Urban Dictionary .  .  .  
TDSBreakingNews Amazon reveals delivery drones .  Following embarrassing failure of delivery trebuchet program . 
Home Page Improvement  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Fast food strikes to hit 100 cities on Thursday .  Digestive health to improve nationwide on Friday . 
TDSBreakingNews House of Reps only working 8 more days this year .  That's   four less than us !  Pathetic
The 12 Days of the War on Christmas :  Day 1  
Man boobs or moobs ?  I call them broasts .  Boybies .  Chestnuts .  .  .  
The DailyShow returns Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c on
Qatar erects one of the world's   most f**kable soccer stadiums .  Al Madrigal goes in search of the press box .  
Oh , Jon , this Taepodong could be horrific .  - rob corddry 
Jessica R .  Williams offers black Americans Black Friday shopping tips .  
The DailyShow returns Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c on
A Lesson in Institutional Dysfunction - Sports 
Cable news :  It's   loud .  It's   vapid .  But at least it's   available 24 hours a day .  
The Daily Show's   Headlines app 
A Lesson in Institutional Dysfunction - Congress  dailyshow
Jessica R .  Williams offers black Americans Black Friday shopping tips .   
 dailyshow 
Embattled crack-smoking Mayor Rob Ford answers questions about his drug history before the Toronto city council .  
Harry Reid launches the nuclear option .  
FF
Remember when we sold our vagina .  .  . costume ?  Proceeds went to the great Ovarian Cancer Research Fund .  Check them out 
 dailyshow 
FF
Jessica R .  Williams offers black Americans Black Friday shopping tips .   
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Palin's   official mayoral SUV listed on eBay .  Warning :  GPS lady gives wrong directions Maverick GoingRogue
TDSBreakingNews Karzai :  I don't trust the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 America proposes a safe word in case droning gets too intense . 
 DailyShow
Fourth-generation Chicago pizza maker   shares a deep dish pizza with Jon Stewart .  
Witness the wonder-working power of New York pizza .   NYPizzaMagic IsThereAnythingItCantDo NoThereIsnt
TDSBreakingNews Utah town forgot to hold municipal election in November .  Admitted truth only after claiming its dog ate the election . 
Chicago takes exception to Jon's   rant against deep dish pizza and his cheesy New York accent .  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Support for Obama at all time low .  Sasha still sticking with him , but Malia reading up on Rubio . 
TDSBreakingNews Burger King to expand to india .  Because who loves beef-eating foreign monarchs more than india ? 
Qatar erects one of the world's   most f**kable soccer stadiums .  Al Madrigal goes in search of the press box .  
Bill Cosby tells Jon Stewart about a ventriloquist he once knew .   DailyShow
Rob Ford , the crack-smoking mayor of Toronto , has done it again .   dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Selfie is OED's   2013 'Word of the Year' .  Which dawgs find totes cray but whatevs YOLO .  OhGodSaveUsFromOurselves
TDSBreakingNews Saudis are the most active Twitter users in the world .  Least active are babies .  Duh
Hallmark makes a controversial holiday edit to minimize confusion .   dailyshow 
Jason Jones Samantha Bee and Al Madrigal remember their favorite presidential turds .  
Katrina the Healthcare Glitch  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Bill Clinton hopes to see female president in his lifetime .  But will settle for stripper in Uncle Sam costume . 
TDSBreakingNews D . C .  official fired after criticizing Obamacare fix .  In which case , how does D . C .  have any employees left ? 
TDSBreakingNews Dow hits 16 ,000 .  Remind us , how high is the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ?  Thought so .  SuckItCME DeepDishStocks
Academy Award-winning actor Geoffrey Rush discusses the challenges of filming a Nazi movie in Germany .  
60 Minutes :  Meh Culpa 
Assume the Physician  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Toronto mayor Rob Ford gets a TV show .  Which he will eventually sell for crack . 
Neil deGrasse Tyson Buzzkill of Science , debunks the science behind zombies .  
'Racist or Not Racist ? ' featuring Jessica R .  Williams Jason Jones aasif mandvi Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele 
Embattled crack-smoking Mayor Rob Ford answers questions about his drug history before the Toronto city council .  
Jon Stewart shares his thoughts on the above ground marinara swimming pool for rats that Chicago calls pizza .  
TDSBreakingNews  contractor posts profit .  Meanwhile justice quits job , closes shop , goes to live on remote island . 
TDSBreakingNews Hawaii becomes 15th state to legalize same-sex marriage .  Same-sex marriage to be referred to as aloha .  GetSomeNewWordsHI
Neil deGrasse Tyson Buzzkill of Science , debunks the science behind zombies .   DailyShow
So that's   where South Park got that .   
Fed Med Redemption  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Former Obama aides join Hillary PAC .  Awkwardly walk by Biden PAC avoiding eye contact . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope :  Corrupt should be thrown in sea tied to rocks .  Proceeds to clean up Rome streets as grim vigilante The Drownisher . 
Deep dish pizza is not only not better than New York pizza - it's   not pizza .  It's   f**kin' casserole .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Snapchat rejects $3 bil acquisition offer from Facebook .  Hot or Not rejects similar 3 dollar offer from Friendster . 
Racist or Not Racist ?   
Deep dish pizza is not only not better than New York pizza - it's   not pizza .  It's   f**kin' casserole .  
Jordan Peele and Keegan-Michael Key discuss their Chicago-style comedy backgrounds and their show Key & Peele  DailyShow
Racist or Not Racist ?   
TDSBreakingNews Moscow subway now accepts exercise as payment .  All part of Russia's   Keep Old People Off Our Trains !  Campaign . 
Joe Scarborough addresses the roots of the modern Republican party's   more extreme elements .  
Man boobs or moobs ?  I call them broasts .  Boybies .  Chestnuts .  .  .   
Chatty Chatty Boom Boom  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Toronto's   mayor won't step down .  Could quit being mayor any time , but CHOOSES not to . 
Doris Kearns Goodwin sheds light on the hot-and-cold relationship between Theodore Roosevelt and William Taft .  
I guess we should give Time magazine credit for toning down the original cover version .   
Jason Jones tries to motivate unmotivated , reasonable people to vote .   DailyShow
60 Minutes :  Meh Culpa  
TDSBreakingNews Denmark remains happiest nation , in a competition no other country is really trying to win , apparently . 
TDSBreakingNews Knish factory fire in NY leads to nationwide shortage .  Obama promises to tap into Strategic Knish Reserve . 
TDSBreakingNews Russian Olympics ban Twitter , Vine , Instagram .  Will be documented on Russian app Polaroid Strapped To A Pigeon . 
Last Gay Standing 
This week :  Jon welcomes Doris Kearns Goodwin Joe Scarborough Key & Peele and Geoffrey Rush .  11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews UNESCO strips 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 of voting rights .  What did we ever do to them ?  Our coverage of what we did to them :  
This week :  Doris Kearns Goodwin Joe Scarborough Key & Peele and Geoffrey Rush .  11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Mormons purchase nearly 2% of Florida .  Phase I of Alligator Conversion Plan declared a success . 
TDSBreakingNews UNESCO strips 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 of voting rights .  What did we ever do to them ?  Our coverage of what we did to them :  
Rand Theft Caught'O  DailyShow
Rob Ford :  Behind the Music :  'Rob Ford was riding high as mayor of Toronto .  But how high , no one had any idea . ' 
Next week :  Jon welcomes Doris Kearns Goodwin Joe Scarborough Key & Peele and Geoffrey Rush .  11/10c .  DailyShow
Patrick Stewart explains his Halloween costume .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews FDA looks to ban trans fats .  Exceptions made if consumed while depressed , anxious , or without anything better to do . 
 SirPatStew's   theory about politicians blows Jon's   mind .  
First things first :  Richie Incognito ?  C'mon .  That's   a name an undercover cop comes up with on the fly .  .  .  
Rob Ford :  Behind the Music  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Ready for Christie PAC launches in Ohio .  Proving presidential elections are Ohio's   main source of income . 
Jay-Z faces pressure to end his partnership with Barneys over racial profiling .   DailyShow
Indecision 2013 :  Wait , There's   an Election in 2013 ?  Edition  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Kraft to take yellow dye out of mac and cheese .  But we like our food to look as unhealthy as it tastes ! 
TDSBreakingNews New Yorkers approve gambling expansion .  Now legal to bet on whether Citibikes will be hit by taxis . 
TDSBreakingNews Five Colorado counties vote to form new state .  Colorado responds , Awww , that's   adorable ! 
John Goodman talks Alpha House , the Coen Brothers and returning to Satan worship .   DailySh
The sponsored couch walk is so gloriously , cravenly unnecessary that I think I'm in love with it .  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil admits to spying on 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 We knew that soccer ball was wearing a wire ! 
Canadian Enablers  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews U . A . E .  pushes for stronger laws against sorcerers .  Because the laws of nature and physics just weren't cutting it . 
Al Madrigal reports on a pair of remarkably unpopular Virginia gubernatorial candidates .   
Smoking crack .  Making racist and homophobic remarks .  I believe in Canada that's   referred to as a hat trick .  
Toronto's   hard-drinking crack mayor expresses regret over his questionable decision-making abilities .  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Only 8% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults get their news from Twitter .  In related news :  8% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults think Chris Brown is the worst . 
A message from Jon Stewart  ( and a gospel choir )  to the cable news networks .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews John Kerry :  NSA reached too far .  Kind of like when Icarus wiretapped the sun . 
Al Madrigal travels to Alabama and Mississippi to see which state will swim longest against the tide of history .  
This Week :  Bob Woodruff John Goodman , author   and Patrick Stewart 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jon Stewart Looks at Floaters 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 House scheduled to work 113 days in 2014 .  But daily nap break has been reduced to only 2 hours .  WorkingHard
Wit Happens 
 is one month old .  And like most one month olds , it is still just laying there pooping its pants .  - Jon Stewart
Jessica Williams explains why it's   so important that President Obama be kept in the dark .  
Jon Stewart Looks at Floaters 
C'mon really ?  Even the salty old carny was pro-gay ?  - Al Madrigal travels to Alabama and Mississippi 
Next Week :  Bob Woodruff John Goodman , author   and Patrick Stewart 11/10c .  DailyShow
A message from Jon Stewart - backed by a gospel choir - to the cable news networks .  
 is one month old .  And like most one month olds , it is still just laying there pooping its pants .  - Jon Stewart
Wit Happens  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Kathleen Sebelius takes the rap , Wit Happens , and Mark Fainaru-Wada discusses League of Denial .  
TDSBreakingNews FDA :  12% of spice imports tainted with insects .  Or for the optimists out there , 88% of insect imports seasoned with spices . 
TDSBreakingNews NYC raises cigarette buying age to 21 .  Cigarettes under 16 oz are still ok . 
TDSBreakingNews Boston Red Sox win World Series .  First place is great , but twenty third is still pretty solid !  GoMets
Kristen Schaal takes sexy Halloween costumes to the obvious next level .   DailyShow
I'm probably the biggest critic of the status quo .  I don't like the status quo .  - Education expert Diane Ravitch 
A Bugged Life  DailyShow
Author Diane Ravitch challenges the notion that education can be broken down into a series of data points .  
That's   weird .  It's   a Google project that no one in the outside world knows what it is .  I guess what they're saying is it's   Google+ .  Boom ! 
TDSBreakingNews Putin tops Obama on Forbes Most Powerful list .  Which is ironic , since Putin loves to be top-less . 
Jon Stewart Looks at Floaters 
TDSBreakingNews Italian Magazine :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spied on Vatican .  Vatican not mad we spied , just furious we used a telescope .  GalileoSlam
TDSBreakingNews Las Vegas launches bid to host 2016 RNC convention .  Can what happens in Vegas REALLY stay in Vegas this time ? 
Only a few minutes left to own a piece of vagina television history !  
Last Gay Standing  DailyShow
Daily Show vagina costume charity auctions wait for no man .  Only a few hours left to bid !  
Al Madrigal travels to Alabama and Mississippi to see which state will swim longest against the tide of history .  
Good/BadFellas  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Mexico to tackle obesity with tax on junk food .  Mexican conservatives respond with Very Heavily Sweetened Tea Party . 
We aren't selling Kristen Schaal but we are selling her vagina !  .  .  .  . costume .  
TDSBreakingNews china unveils mystery nuclear sub fleet .  Don't worry , that's   just where china stores its breathable air . 
Jessica R .  Williams reports on President Obama's   lack of involvement in his own policies .  
Try a little tenderness .  - Jon Stewart's   plea to members of Congress .  
Site Flub  DailyShow
Our vagina costume is for sale !  Piercing sold separately .  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Kids more likely to trust attractive adults .  PBS greenlights Mr Clooney's   Neighborhood , Shining Time Statham . 
Kristen Schaal brings sexy Halloween costumes to the next logical step .  
Conservative Charles Krauthammer explains how the Tea Party hurts the GOP .  
TDSBreakingNews Astronomers discover most distant known galaxy .  Still no sign of Darth Vader .  FartherFartherAway WorkHarderAstronomers
TDSBreakingNews Pope expels German luxury priest from diocese .  Then returns to polishing the diamond chairs in his gold house . 
The  website has 99 problems , but a glitch is all of them .  
Jon reveals the true victims of the government shutdown .  The GOP .  
Kristen Schaal's   vagina costume is up for auction now !  For charity !  
Alan Greenspan explains why bankers are so terrible at self-regulation .  
The White House finally apprehends its rogue tweeter .  
Jon's   unaware of the secret cameras the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government installed in the studio .   
Everybody Hates 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 - 
TDSBreakingNews Space cannon to be fired into asteroid .  Funded by a grant from the National Institute of Awesome . 
TDSBreakingNews George Soros backs 'Ready for Hillary' PAC .  Somewhere , Glenn Beck starts twitching and doesn't know why . 
TDSBreakingNews CNN suggests blowing up  and starting over .  Americans suggest the same for CNN . 
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on constitutional voter restriction laws .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Capitol dome to get $60 million renovation .  Not realizing it's   what's   on the inside that counts .  InsideNeedsALotOfWork
TDSBreakingNews Obama to head to Brooklyn on Friday .  Promoting Affordable Artisanal Pickles Act . 
TDSBreakingNews Prince George christened .  Sorry ladies , there goes his short lived bad boy image . 
Oh , look at me .  I'm nibbling on bamboo !  - Jon Stewart 
I call this one the Sexy Vagina .  - Kristen Schaal  / 
Malcolm Malcolm Gladwell breaks down the differences between helpful adversity and undesirable difficulties .  
Kristen Schaal takes sexy Halloween costumes to the obvious next level .   dailyshow
Extreme Takeover :  Tea Party Edition  dailyshow
Last Night :  Mainstream Republicans battle the Tea Party .  Sexy Halloween costumes .  Malcolm Malcolm Gladwell  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  75% of GOP don't deserve re-election .  Remaining 25% just good at making sad puppy eyes . 
New Jersey legalizes gay marriage and Mayor Cory Booker officiates one of the first ceremonies .  
TDSBreakingNews Job growth slowed in September .  Cause attributed to millions of trees firing their leaves . 
TDSBreakingNews Cruz jokes 'Nigerian email scammers' are running Obamacare site .  Proving Ted's   as bad at our job as he is at his own . 
John Oliver tried to sign up for health insurance using   
The Weakest Link  DailyShow 
 can't even get the calculator to work .   dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Va .  paper endorses no one for governor .  Also endorses no one for copy editor , so it actually endroses noone for guvner . 
TDSBreakingNews Report :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 intercepts French phones on massive scale .  Still has no clue how they eat that much bread and stay so thin . 
This week :  Former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan , Malcolm Malcolm Gladwell columnist Charles Krauthammer , and actor Chiwetel Ejiofor .  DailyShow
Next week :  Jon welcomes Alan Greenspan , author Malcolm Malcolm Gladwell columnist Charles Krauthammer , and actor Chiwetel Ejiofor .  DailyShow
Before The Hangover , Ed Helms was with us .  So apparently The Daily Show = reckless drinking .  
The DailyShow returns Monday night ! 
I'm Stephen Colbert and this is The  It's   French , bitch .  - Stephen Colbert  
Monday :  The Best F king News Team returns !  11/10c .  DailyShow
rob corddry shows off the comedy chops that allowed him to escape the nightmare of life in Boston .  
TDSBreakingNews NSA chief to step down .  Too sad to continue after spying on what people say about him . 
TDSBreakingNews Gov't re-opening bill contains $2 billion in pork .  But if the government eats it all in one sitting , it's   free ! 
TDSBreakingNews Biden greets returning EPA workers with muffins .  Unfortunately , muffins not FDA inspected .  ShutdownAftermath RatPoop
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c . 
Befort the Report !  See the truthiness get its start !  
TDSBreakingNews Houston Chronicle expresses regrets for endorsing Cruz :  He seemed like a totally different person online .  Catfished
Before Steve Carell was the 40 Year Old Virgin , we took his innocence .  
The Two Faces of Illegal Immigration .  aasif mandvi Mandvi reports .   DailyShow
Don't be condescending ?  That's   all I know how to be .  - Jason Jones before a Republican hostage negotiation .  
Oh , coommmme onnnn !   - rob corddry  DailyShow
I'm sorry , Jon .  I can't talk right now .  I'm orally siphoning floodwater back into the Gulf .  - Ed Helms 
Fox News' Shepard Smith unveils the Fox News Deck .  
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls - Web Site Down  dailyshow
Malala's   on the show and I'm totally fangirling !  - Jon Stewart 
What do Republican lawmakers hate more ?  Poverty or Obama ?  
aasif mandvi Mandvi learns that America is worse for illegal immigrants than illegal immigrants are for America .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Army plans Iron Man armor for soldiers .  Like the Hummer , soon to be adopted by every douche in Jersey . 
Shep Smith and Fox News fix the non-broken part of their newsgathering apparatus .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Dick Cheney roast included waterboarding jokes .  Of course dick jokes were prohibited .  Tasteless
Al Madrigal explains why moderate Republicans must remain silent about their political orientation .  
Republicans won't take President Obama's   use of metaphorical language lying down .  
Jason Jones negotiates with a GOP strategist who has taken the government hostage .  
TDSBreakingNews Dems demand closure of House gym .  But where will pasty middle-aged white men do one rep , sit in sauna ? 
Don't fart and point at the dog .  - Jon Stewart 
This is my Halloween costume .  I'm a sexy Jesse Pinkman .  Which is to say , Jesse Pinkman .   
Malala's   on the show and I'm totally fangirling !  - Jon Stewart 
Jason Jones negotiates with a GOP strategist who has taken the government hostage .   
House Republicans take a stand against Obamacare and personal responsibility .   dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Italy bans Budweiser .  But forgets to ban canned horse urine .  Loophole
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls - Web Site Down  dailyshow
Team Nihilism has a two-step health care plan and Team Incompetence experiences technical difficulties .  
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls - Web Site Down  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Sex toy company offering free vibrators for furloughed workers .  But haven't they been screwed enough already ? 
TDSBreakingNews Justice Scalia :  I suspect I have gay friends .  So I'm surprised they resisted my advances .  BackToGrindr
In case anyone here is unclear , I , Smokey the Bear , beloved American icon , have been giving hand jobs for money .  
Instead of visiting a national park , behold the majesty that is the parking lot at National Car Rental .  ShutdownSuggestions
Shutstorm 2013 forces Smokey the Bear out of a job he's   held since 1944 .   DailyShow
Jon and the Best F king News Team Ever report on the ongoing government shutdown .  
TDSBreakingNews Spain blames typo for adding $13 billion to public debt .  Typo is the adorable capuchin monkey running Spain's   treasury . 
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls - Bias on Bulls**t Mountain  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews A-Rod sues MLB .  Hires lawyer accredited by the Lance Armstrong School of Law and Dickishness
Who would believe someone in Congress was putting the bigger picture ahead of politics ?  What a freakshow .  
Take advantage of security guard furloughs to steal Declaration of Independence , find national treasure .  ShutdownSuggestions
Jon Stewart's   Rockin' Shutdown Eve 
One organization is working at peak efficiency this week .  It's   a place is known as Bulls**t Mountain .  
TDSBreakingNews Reid calls Boehner a coward .  It's   the nicest thing anyone's   said about Congress all week . 
Scandal star kerry washington wishes people in D . C .  would identify quite so strongly with people on her show .  
One Republican voted against a government shutdown .  Samantha Bee tries to find out what's   wrong with   
American icon Smokey the Bear weathers Shutstorm 2013 by answering Craigslist ads titled 'Looking for Bears . ' 
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls - Bias on Bulls**t Mountain 
Instead of Meals on Wheels , try alternate programs Pecans from Trashcans or Muenster from Dumpsters .  ShutdownSuggestions
TDSBreakingNews 8 million are left out of Obamacare .  Fall back on original health insurance plan :  winning the lottery . 
TDSBreakingNews Facebook to build company town in CA .  Plan frequent , unannounced redesigns to annoy residents . 
John Oliver declares Congress the Time Warner Cable of democracy .  
Museums are closed .  Hit up nursing homes to see old stuff instead .  ShutdownSuggestions
Back in Black :  Lewis Black weighs in on pasta giant Barilla's   family values .  
John Oliver explains the electorally invincible strategy behind unpopular Congressional actions .  
Jon Stewart on certain Republicans this week :  I may have referred to them as fart-knockers .  
ICE patrols are down , so hurry across the border to Mexico and its stronger institutions .  ShutdownSuggestions
Shutstorm 2013 :  America Sits on Its Balls 
TDSBreakingNews Study shows Afghanistan is worst place to grow old .  Best place to grow old still Golden Corral . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama cancels trip to Malaysia due to shutdown .  Instead visits Malia and Sasha .  TwoNamesCombinedKindaSoundLikeMalaysia
Johnny Knoxville says now that he's   older , he realizes everyone should have health insurance .   
'The Reason I Jump' is one of the most remarkable books I think I've ever read .  - Jon Stewart to David Mitchell 
March of Dumbs  DailyShow
Hi , I'm Harvey Keitel .  Buy some f**king insurance , New York .   DailyShow
Jason Jones reports on Obamacare with help from Harvey Keitel and Johnny Knoxville  DailyShow
Congressional Republicans save America from the most insidious law ever created by man .  
TDSBreakingNews Congress still paid during shutdown .  Part of plan to get country running on 100% renewable , clean-burning rage by 2014 . 
Purgatory RT Gretchen Carlson What should we call the cozy chair area of our new set on TheRealStory ?  getrealwithgretchen
Full Episode :  Jon Stewart's   Rockin' Shutdown Eve and Bill O'Reilly .   
Jon Stewart's   Rockin' Shutdown Eve  DailyShow
Jon Stewart's   Rockin' Shutdown Eve  DailyShow 
TDSBreakingNews NJ Judge :  State must allow gay couples to marry .  Related :  Crate and Barrel to open 37 new locations in New Jersey . 
TDSBreakingNews israel PM warns 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 :  Don't be fooled by iran .  That can of peanuts is really filled with snakes .  And weapons-grade uranium . 
Ted Cruz casts himself as Churchill to Obama's   Chamberlain in the great fight against Hitler's   healthcare exchanges .  
TDSBreakingNews NSA spied on MLK .  Part of their initials vs .  initials program . 
This Week :  Bill O'Reilly , author David Mitchell , Sandra Bullock , and kerry washington from Scandal DailyShow
Jon , if  and Drizzy could make up .  .  .  - Jessica R .  Williams on the Obama-Rouhani handshake that didn't happen .  
Atoms for Peace performs Harrowdown Hill , off their debut album , Amok .  
[Blackouts] is a misnomer .  It's   sleepwalking with activities .  -  
Healthcare Bill and Ted's   Excellent Adventure  DailyShow
Facing the threat of Obamacare , Ted Cruz puts America at DEFCON Nazi .  
I went to rehab in wine country just to keep my options open .  -  
Republicans use the same tactic to scare us that Burger King uses to try to make us like them ?   
Jessica R .  Williams wonders why Obama and Rouhani can't stand a little hand-on-hand contact .   DailyShow
Next Week :  Jon welcomes Bill O'Reilly , author David Mitchell , Sandra Bullock , and kerry washington from Scandal DailyShow
iranian President Hassan Rouhani is also an accomplished Mandy Patinkin impersonator .   
Last Night's   Full Episode :   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Flying spiders migrate through Texas .  First species ever to evolve a way to get out of Texas faster . 
Nazi Germany !  Why that's   my least favorite kind of Germany .  - Jon Stewart on TedCruz's   comparison  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Obama ratings at a two-year low .  Obama writers told to add romantic subplot . 
I received an email from Thom Yorke and I went and danced around the house like an unhinged animal .  -  
Exclusive :  Atoms for Peace perform Harrowdown Hill .  
Ted Cruz cites a children's   book about a stubborn jerk who decides he hates something before he's   tried it .  
Music :  Atoms for Peace performs Default , off their debut album , Amok .   DailyShow
Ted Cruz casts himself as Churchill to Obama's   Chamberlain in the great fight against Hitler's   healthcare exchanges .  
To save America's   international shipping conglomerates , Jessica R .  Williams thinks outside the box .   DailyShow
Jon salutes The  and his own crew following the Emmys .  
The Affordable Care Act wreaks havoc on Lindsey Graham's   eccentric Southern gentility .  
TDSBreakingNews NY to penalize companies that write fake online reviews .  Also parents who say their kids are special ProbablyNotSpecial
TDSBreakingNews W .  Bush says it's   important for Obama to golf .  Also suggests maybe painting himself naked in the bath .  HowPresidentsUnwind
CNN doesn't let a lack of facts get in the way of drawing speculative conclusions .  
This week :  Author Richard Dawkins Thom Yorke and Atoms for Peace , and comedian  11/10c . 
Nothing exemplifies America's   peculiar relationship with guns more than the phrase 'minor shooting incident . ' 
Video :   DailyShow 
CNN doesn't let a lack of facts get in the way of drawing speculative conclusions .  
Pundits argue that the successful use of diplomacy in Syria is the worst defeat in American history .  
Al Madrigal investigates a dispute between Georgia and the butt-chuggers of Tennessee .  
An indian-American wins the MissAmerica crown .  aasif mandvi Mandvi explains what this means for the rest of the country .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Richard Dawkins Thom Yorke and Atoms for Peace , and comedian
An indian-American wins the MissAmerica crown .  aasif mandvi Mandvi explains what this means for the rest of the country .  
Back in Brown with aasif mandvi Mandvi  DailyShow
John John Hodgman shares innovative ways to get around paying weekend overtime rates and pesky child labor laws .  
There's   no way around an airtight Obamacare requirement for employers , except for the two ways around it .  
The phrase 'minor shooting incident' exists .   DailyShow
Our mass shooting scores shouldn't be that much higher than our math and science scores .  
TDSBreakingNews Court :  Clicking like on Facebook is free speech .  Court then points to its Facebook fan page and says , HINT .  HINT . 
TDSBreakingNews JP Morgan admits it broke the law .  That's   all we wanted to hear !  responds a teary America , and all is forgiven . 
Al Madrigal investigates a border dispute between Georgia and Tennessee .   buttchugging
CNN doesn't let a lack of facts get in the way of drawing speculative conclusions .   DailyShow
Depressingly Familiar Post-Tragedy Analysis  DailyShow
When I said let's   have a baboon masturbating , I didn't think we could find that footage .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Swedish court :  Public masturbation not a crime .  Sweden Tourism Board immediately updates its website's   To Do section . 
Last Night :  CNN gets caught in a Wrongnado and The Best F king News Team Ever covers breaking news .  
TDSBreakingNews France moves to ban child beauty pageants .  French children are far too drunk to participate responsibly . 
John Oliver  Jason Jones aasif mandvi guess the heights of buildings they see on the street .  
The Best F king News Team covers breaking news .   DailyShow
When America needs context and clarity , it can depend on cable news to provide speculation and error .  
TDSBreakingNews Typical American family makes less than it did in 1989 .  Explains the concurrent drop in sales of Members Only jackets . 
TDSBreakingNews iran shuts down Facebook and Twitter again .  So iran's   revolution will be the first ever planned and executed on Grindr . 
World's   Greatest Father  DailyShow
Video :   DailyShow 
Dude , Where's   My War ?   DailyShow
Lindsey Graham decries the peaceful chemical weapons debacle in Syria .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Germans build world's   largest fire-breathing robotic dragon .  Called a triumph of useless German engineering . 
TDSBreakingNews Former NSA chief says terrorists prefer Gmail .  Elderly terrorists are still on AOL .  DialUpFatwa
This week Jon welcomes professor Robert Reich plus actors Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal .  11/10c . 
Mr Bob Odenkirk on how the fans of MrShow are looking these days :  They could skip a hamburger once in a while .  
America's   plan to bomb the truth out of Syria regarding its alleged use of chemical weapons hits a diplomatic snag .  
Billy Crystal talks about the best comedy advice he ever received .  
aasif mandvi learns that greedy farmers have threatened the livelihood of MonsantoCo's   heroic patent attorneys .  
TDSBreakingNews Prince William quits the military .  Spain , seeing Britain defenseless , immediately relaunches armada . 
I'm not going to do it , Jon .  - John Oliver attempts to refuse one final 'Danger ! ' dance  DailyShow
Samantha Bee Mr Bob Odenkirk and David Cross apologize to the citizens of Egypt .   
TDSBreakingNews Whole Foods to sell Bill Gates-funded vegan eggs .  Eggs reportedly need constant rebooting . 
TDSBreakingNews Reince Priebus :  Obama embarrassed America before world .  Strong talk from a guy whose name sounds like an illegal sex act . 
What if a giant picked up the hash boat and smoked it ?  - Al Madrigal  
Middle Eastern Promises  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 falls behind Mexico in ranking of happiest countries .  Cheers self up by deporting a few Mexicans . 
TDSBreakingNews Dow Jones purges low performers Hewlett Packard and Alcoa .  Companies move back in with parents , apply to grad school . 
Author Sheri Fink argues that America's   disaster preparedness is severely lacking .   DailyShow
Full Episode :  Americans debate intervention in Syria , Assad launches a campaign to charm the west .  Author Sheri Fink .  
Syria and Nancy Pelosi's   Grandchild  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Dennis Rodman leaks Kim Jong Un's   child's   name .  Plus baby's   first words :  What the hell is Dennis Rodman doing here ? 
TDSBreakingNews iran's   cabinet joins Facebook .  Quickly cancels account after tiring of Hezbollah's   baby and pet pictures . 
Uncle Jonny Stew's   Good Time Syria Jamboree  DailyShow
Dexter star Michael C .  Hall explains why his character has started killing fewer people .  
This week Jon talks with     Mr Bob Odenkirk and David Cross , and Billy Crystal 
Sir Archibald Mapsalot III redraws borders in the Middle East .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 only added 169 ,000 jobs in August .  And 2/3 involved demonstrating , reporting on or videotaping twerking . 
Ignoring Private Ryan  DailyShow
As relations between the United States and Russia fray , Samantha Bee searches for a diplomatic solution .  
John Oliver , Jessica Williams and Stephen Colbert help Jon to once again act American .   WelcomeBackJon
TDSBreakingNews Hitler's   bodyguard dies .  Hitler now accepting resumes for replacement .  ThatWouldSuckIfItWasTrue
Going to an American hospital , for a veteran , shouldn't require more courage than storming the beach at Normandy .  
Next week Jon welcomes     Mr Bob Odenkirk and David Cross , and Billy Crystal 
Jessica R .  Williams took this photo of Anthony Weiner attempting to appeal to voters in Harlem .   
Indecision 2013 - Hey , I'm Votin' Here Edition  DailyShow
John Oliver , Jessica Williams and Stephen Colbert help Jon to once again act American .   WelcomeBackJon
TDSBreakingNews Putin calls Kerry a liar on Syria .  Then returns to his stolen , er , gifted jewelry room . 
Astrophysicist Mario Livio explains how science's   embarrassing failures are just as important as the successes .  
TDSBreakingNews china's   100 km traffic jam enters day 9 .  Still better than working at FoxConn , says truck driver peeing in jug . 
As relations between the United States and Russia fray , Samantha Bee searches for a diplomatic solution .  
Sir Archibald Mapsalot III redraws borders in the Middle East .   DailyShow
Groundhog Deja Cluster k  DailyShow
I learned a lot this summer .  One :  I learned I have the beard of a 90-year old prospector .  - Jon Stewart WelcomeBackJon
TDSBreakingNews china diabetes rate now higher than 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  But we still consume some more meth , right ?  GottaWinAtSomething
TDSBreakingNews KKK member joins NAACP after historic meeting .  Not a race thing , just a big fan of letters . 
Uncle Jonny Stew's   Good Time Syria Jamboree  WelcomeBackJon
Jon Stewart finds out about Anthony Weiner's   alter ego .   WelcomeBackJon 
Jon Stewart Returns  WelcomeBackJon
WelcomeBackJon
TDSBreakingNews Newly discovered miniature frog hears with its mouth .  But loves with its heart .  InspiringTrueStory
TDSBreakingNews Time Warner and CBS finally reach a deal .  Vow to never fight again after passionate makeup sex . 
15 Seasons of Jon Stewart in Under Five Minutes  WelcomeBackJon
1 BuzzFeed-Style List Of The 31 Ways Jon Stewart Spent Summer Vacation  WelcomeBackJon
In Memoriam :  The Daily Show with John Oliver  ( 2013 - 2013 )  WelcomeBackJon SoLongOliver 
A comprehensive , historical panorama of The Daily Show's   coverage of commanders in chief .  
Nobody makes fun of America better than Americans .  WelcomeBackJon BritishInvasionCancelled NoPrezIsSafe 
Exclusive - Remembering John Oliver  WelcomeBackJon
Alas , The Daily Show with John Oliver , we hardly knew ye .  WelcomeBackJon SoLongOliver JonWithNoH 
Don't worry America , the bad man's   gone now .   ( By bad man we mean pleasant english chap .  )  WelcomeBackJon
The Best of Jon Stewart - A Salute to Jewish People  WelcomeBackJon
Jon Stewart returns next Tuesday , September 3rd ! 
Thank God he's   coming back .  Adding that extra h to Jon has been KILLING us !  WelcomeBackJon
Photos :  The Daily Show's   USO Tour to the Middle East  DailyShow Support
Right now , I'm standing in one of New York's   most crime-ridden neighborhoods .  .  .  I'm on Wall Street .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
We can't wait for Jon Stewart's   report on what he did during his summer vacation .  WelcomeBackJon 
Jon Stewart returns to The DailyShow next Tuesday , September 3rd ! 
Meet the new boss , LITERALLY the same as the old boss .  WelcomeBackJon
1 BuzzFeed-Style List Of The 31 Ways Jon Stewart Spent Summer Vacation  WelcomeBackJon
Jon Stewart has a real way with words .  And also without them .   RememberThisGuy WelcomeBackJon
The Best of Jon Stewart - Memorable Guests  DailyShow WelcomeBackJon
Just put Lactaid back on our shopping list .  It felt right .  WelcomeBackJon
Jon Stewart :  The Man Of Significantly Less Than 1000 Voices  JonStewart101 RememberThisGuy
At heart , Jon Stewart is just a simple Jersey boy , nostalgic for New Jersey's   winding roads and amber waves of pizza .  
Wait , Jon Stewart's   coming back ?  But we already sold all his stuff !  WelcomeBackJon
Jon Stewart returns to The DailyShow on Tuesday , September 3rd ! 
Deranged Millionaire John John Hodgman starts newspaper catering to liberals , conservatives , and cat video enthusiasts .  
Jason Jones hires a raisin-sniffing companion to track down the federal raisin regulators .   DailyShow
What a summer !  Paula Deen , the Supreme Court's   decision on gay marriage , The Daily Show blackout , Anthony Weiner .  .  .  
In his final show as host , John Oliver says he'll miss Carlos Danger the most .  
Jon Stewart returns to The DailyShow on Tuesday , September 3rd ! 
Save the date :  Jon Stewart returns to The DailyShow on Tuesday , September 3rd ! 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Facebook makes people feel worse about themselves .  Study receives 0 likes . 
The lamestream media claims that Elon Musk inspired the Iron Man's   Tony Stark character .  John Oliver flips his lid .  
Deranged millionaire Hodgman's   newspaper offers tailored headlines for cat video enthusiasts .   
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos purchases The Washington Post because why the hell not .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Eurozone comes out of recession .  Meanwhile , eaters of Pizza Hut's   p'zone remain in depression . 
TDSBreakingNews Google :  Gmail users can't legitimately expect privacy .  Just like Google can't legitimately expect us to use Google+ . 
Jason Jones hires a raisin-sniffing companion to track down the federal raisin regulators .   DailyShow
Right now , I'm standing in one of New York's   most crime-ridden neighborhoods .  .  .  I'm on Wall Street .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
Frisky Business  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews North Korea unveils its first smartphone .  Citizens search in vain for Escape from North Korea app .  AppleMapsWontHelp
TDSBreakingNews Michelle Obama to release rap album Songs For a Healthier America .  Officially the worst news Malia and Sasha heard all day . 
DOWN-UNDERcision 2013 - That's   Not a Campaign , 'This' Is a Campaign  DailyShow Australia
Despite Australia's   short election season , candidates still offer voters clumsy pratfalls and verbal atrocities .  
Why are we talking about this election ?  That brings us to yet another installment of .  .  .   - John Oliver 
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  I don't have a bad personal relationship with Putin .  Adding , Why ?  Did he say something about me ?  What a jerk ! 
TDSBreakingNews Judge rules NYC stop-and-frisk as unconstitutional .  Strippers in cop uniforms exempt from verdict . 
Jessica R .  Williams and Samantha Bee convene two panels to discuss the state of race relations in America .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Camels could be carriers for Mers virus .  Camels :  Great , another thing we have to carry .  LastStraw
Leader's   Digest Egypt  Italy  Great Britain  DailyShow
The Discovery Channel almost actually discovers something during SharkWeek .  
TDSBreakingNews Harry Reid : I hope GOP opposition isn't because Obama is black .  I'd rather they hated him for his personality .  Equality
TDSBreakingNews John Bolton on Putin :  Cause him pain .  Adding , but not too much , because he might enjoy it . 
The Big Bank Fury  DailyShow
Goldman Sachs trader Fabulous Fab faces a potential life ban from the securities industry .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Russia disappointed by cancelled 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 talks .  Well Russia will just have to cry into their stolen Superbowl ring collection . 
TDSBreakingNews Texas to run out of execution drugs by September .  Paving the way for creepiest Kickstarter campaign ever . 
 LakeBell discusses the sexy baby voice and her new movie In a World .  .  .  
Sharks , Lies , and Videotape  SharkWeek DailyShow
Following Russia's   asylum of NSA leaker Edward Snowden , President Obama calls off a summit with Vladimir Putin .  
Bearded Jon Stewart takes a break from directing to join StephenAtHome's   epic dance celebration :  
TDSBreakingNews Relationship between Antonin Scalia and Ruth Bader-Ginsburg inspires new opera .  Clarence Thomas to have zero solos . 
Actor Liam Hemsworth discusses white-collar crime , Gary Oldman , and why Australians are so laid back .  
Samantha Bee and Jessica R .  Williams convene two panels to discuss the state of race relations in America .   DailyShow
Don't Mess with Taxes  DailyShow
Author Neal Thompson discusses the life and travels of Robert Believe It or Not !  Ripley .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Study shows breastfeeding may reduce risk of Alzheimer's   .  Related study shows feeding may reduce risk of hunger . 
He was sort of this P . T .  Barnum character crossed with Hugh Hefner crossed with Marco Polo .  .  .  -   
TDSBreakingNews Deceased have given almost $600K to political campaigns since 2009 .  Actually , they donated 600k worth of BRAIIIIIINSSSSS . 
TDSBreakingNews 4-year-old re-elected mayor of MN town .  There's   a thought , San Diego :  elect a mayor too short to grab staffers' boobs . 
Fast food workers demand increased wages and Neil Cavuto shares details of his first job .  
Between a C*ck and a Hard Race  DailyShow
Ewwwwww !   DailyShow
Fast food workers agitate for higher wages and the right to unionize .   DailyShow
Jason Jones investigates the Kentucky state government's   plan to nullify distasteful federal laws .  
A deeply unpopular Congress defies its constituents and basic reason by opposing comprehensive immigration reform .  
I'm very very proud of the show .  And also what it's   done for American fashion .  - Tim Gunn of ProjectRunway 
TDSBreakingNews Russia grants Snowden asylum .  First person in history *happy* to hear the words Russia and asylum describe their future
TDSBreakingNews MLB prepared to ban A-Rod for life .  He reacts w/ tearful apology then enraged punching , then sobbing , then eats a baseball . 
Jason Jones investigates the Kentucky state government's   plan to nullify distasteful federal laws .  
TDSBreakingNews McCain :  Palin excited our base in a way I couldn't .  But that was before I took Androgen !  nomorelowt lifebeginsat70
TDSBreakingNews Syrian president Assad joins Instagram .  Immediately attracts a solid 0 followers .  noonewantstoseethosepics
Pope Francis changes the Catholic Church's   tone regarding homosexuality .  aasif mandvi Mandvi reports from The Vatican .  
Judge Johnny , our next defendant is the only cyclist anyone has ever heard of .  .  .  - Jason Jones  DailyShow
Judge Johnny issues a ruling on Halliburton's   role in the cover-up following the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill .  
TDSBreakingNews Appeals court rules against NYC soda ban .  Majority decision penned by Justice R . C .  Pepsi McFanta . 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists grow new teeth from urine .  Double or nothing , science :  make eyes from poop . 
Marooned 5 Weeks :  An Edward Snowden Update  DailyShow
Clearly Anthony Weiner's   campaign is in danger .  Not just that -- it's   in Carlos Danger .  - John Oliver 
TDSBreakingNews First test tube-grown hamburger to be served in London .  English diners call it foul and flavorless .  Two thumbs up ! 
TDSBreakingNews Pope says women can't be priests .  Women vow to withhold sex until he changes his mind . 
A**holes Wanted .  aasif mandvi Mandvi reports .   DailyShow
This week John Oliver welcomes Mark Leibovich Tim Gunn Hank Azaria and Colin Quinn DailyShow 11/10c . 
Whatever the occasion , [the Queen] has a face which demonstrably says 'I don't give a royal s**t . ' - John Oliver 
On Anthony Weiner's   new photo :  Now , America is collectively experiencing Deja-ewww - John Oliver 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 assures Russia Snowden won't be tortured or executed .  Then an awkward pause while Russia waits for 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to wink . 
aasif mandvi Mandvi investigates the dearth of promising congressional candidates 
Larry Wilmore breaks down race in America .  
TDSBreakingNews Scientists plant false memories in mouse brain .  Mouse argues with friends , I did too get the cheese !  I know it was real ! 
Full Episode - 7/25/13 
John Oliver breaks down the latest Goldman Sachs scheme 
TDSBreakingNews Plague-infected squirrel found near CA campground .  Plaque-infected squirrel also found .  AlwaysBrush
New episodes of John Oliver's   New York Stand-up Show premiere this Friday at 11/10c on Comedy Central  JohnOliverNY
Exclusive - Anthony Weiner in Hard Problem 2  DailyShow
Larry Wilmore and John Oliver have a conversation about race .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Medicinal Marijuana now legal in all New England .  Taking the bus between Boston and Hartford deemed a medical condition . 
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth meets royal baby .  Baby fails to observe don't touch the Queen protocol .  offwithhishead
Whatever the occasion , [the Queen] has a face which demonstrably says 'I don't give a royal s**t .  - John Oliver 
England celebrates the birth of the royalbaby in the traditional way -- by drinking .   DailyShow
The media reports on Detroit's   bankruptcy proceedings from Chicago .   DailyShow
Louis C . K .  discusses fathering the RoyalBaby and meeting Woody Allen .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Zimmerman emerges from hiding , rescues man from overturned truck .  Claims he will Angelina his way out of trouble . 
TDSBreakingNews Univision ranks first in July television ratings , reaching their ratings GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL ! 
New episodes of John Oliver's   New York Stand-up Show premiere Friday at 11/10c on Comedy Central 
Back there it's   a hellscape .  - Aaron Sorkin on The Daily Show Blackout of 2013  
The Daily Show's   Headlines app is free for all devices :  
Everybody Coups :  The Egyptian military overthrows President Morsi and ends Egypt's   brief democratic experiment .  
Rick Perry tries luring New York businesses to Texas .  TheLewisBlack's   response :  
This week :  John Oliver welcomes   author Richard Haass , actor Shailene Woodley , and Egypt soccer manager Bob Bradley .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Machine that turns sweat into drinking water invented .  Bloomberg to make machine mandatory for New Yorkers by 2014 . 
TDSBreakingNews Berlusconi pals guilty of procuring prostitutes for PM's   parties .  Should have gone with first idea :  homemade potato salad . 
Everybody Coups - Egypt's   first free election in over 5 ,000 years doesn't last very long .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Joe Biden :  2016 run depends on having as much energy as I have now .  Will nap for next two years to conserve strength . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  Americans want fewer laws .  Adds It's   sheer coincidence this philosophy requires me to do less work . 
Lewis Black dares to mess with GovernorPerry's   Texas .  NYmiddlefingerTX 
This was a man who literally c**k-blocked his own career .  - John Oliver  
Lewis Black to Texas :  Don't f**k with New York .   NYmiddlefingerTX
Lewis Black has a finger he wants to show Texas .  Guess which one it is ?  NYmiddlefingerTX 
TDSBreakingNews Drone crashes on FL highway .  Are we at war with the Sunshine State ?  PleaseSayYes
John Oliver now knows why the show lost power on Monday .   
TDSBreakingNews Mexican gov't arrests head of Zeta drug cartel .  Cartel founder Catherine Zeta-Jones still at large . 
Full Episode :  Zimmerman is acquitted , Al Madrigal learns Chileans love mayo , and The DailyShow loses power .  
Stop throwing us all together like some sort of Puerto Ricaminican Tex-Mex buffet .  - Al Madrigal  DailyShow
Acquitted Development  DailyShow Zimmerman
TDSBreakingNews Mexico surpasses 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 in obesity levels , despite a healthy diet of cheese , pork , corn , cheese and .  .  . Oh , right . 
TDSBreakingNews Gay marriage bill clears Britain's   House of Lords .  Shocking news from a group of men who go to work in wigs and dresses . 
It was clear that intolerance toward Christians is a huge problem .  .  .  in his mind .  - Samantha Bee 
The DailyShow returns this week !  John Oliver welcomes Aaron Sorkin , Helen Mirren , writer Reza Aslan , and author Sarah Vowell . 
The DailyShow returns Monday ! 
Mo bridges , mo problems , am I right ?  - Al Madrigal  
The Best F king News Team Ever - Aasif Mandvi  
John Oliver and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  
Samantha Bee tries to help the man with the world's   largest penis find an acting job that isn't in porn .    ( 2010 ) 
Jon , I'm here in Tampa's   famous strip club district .  Or as they call it here , Tampa .  - Jason Jones 
Morgan Freeman explains physics to Jon Stewart .  
Brian Williams and Jon Stewart discuss the Jersey Shore's   resurgence and their summer ice cream dates .  
The Best F king News Team Ever - Samantha Bee  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team returns in exactly one week !  DailyShow
Samantha Bee walks a mile in a bullied Christian's   shoes .  
John Oliver sings his update on Dodd-Frank and many other very serious news assignments .  
Happy Fourth of July !   DailyShow
On Topic :  John Oliver - On America's   Greatness  DailyShow
The Most Busted Name in News  DailyShow
Download :  The DailyShow Headlines App for iPhone , iPad , Android , Kindle Fire or Windows .  
Full episodes :  SCOTUS rules on the Voting Rights Act and gay marriage , Snowden on the run , plus the great Questlove Gomez 
Josh Gad covers New York City's   Gay Pride Parade   ( 2011 )  DailyShow
Paula Deen in Fried and Prejudice 
I've never felt so alive .  Women are in the news !  No one can stop this p***y wagon !  Kristen Schaal  StandwithWendy
After DOMA and Prop 8 are struck down , Jason Jones and Al Madrigal get gay married .  
Al Madrigal and Jason Jones hustle to get gay married before Obama's   thugs come and take them to jail .  
Nature is where dogs hump each other in the face .  
Questlove Gomez says one episode of The Cosby Show Bill Cosby changed hip hop forever .   jamminontheone
Tom Goldstein of SCOTUSblog recaps a big week full of Supreme Court decisions .   DailyShow
Moment of Zen -    DailyShow
Full Episode :  Jon Stewart says hello , Justice Scalia objects to the DOMA ruling , and Tom Goldstein of SCOTUSblog 
TDSBreakingNews Three planets found that could support alien life .  McCain drafts a bill to construct a Dang Space Fence . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  I'm not going to be scrambling jets at Snowden .  Not when I can just run him over with a tank .  BestCase
 MT Al Madrigal Last night's   jort selection .  The Daily Show nevernude 
Filmmaker Josh Fox talks about his new documentary  2 and the dangers of natural gas drilling .  
Kristen Schaal keeps Wendy Davis' filibuster going and shares her dream for the future of American women .  
Judgment Gay  DailyShow 
After DOMA and Prop 8 are struck down , Jason Jones and Al Madrigal get gay married .   DailyShow
George Zimmerman's   lawyer discovers that a murder trial is not the best place to try out untested comedic material .  
A landmark piece of civil rights legislation now has a hole in it the exact shape of John Roberts' middle finger .  
Questlove Gomez says one episode of The Cosby Show changed hip hop forever .   Here is that episode :  
The Supreme Court and the Voting Rights Act  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Putin says dealing w/ Snowden issue 'like shearing a pig . ' Meaning he does it shirtless , surrounded by photographers . 
Money Boo Boo  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews IRS also targeted Occupy groups .  As if Occupy had any income to exempt .  Unlikely
Jason Jones teaches regulation-loving Canadian bankers the advantages of harmless free-market fun .  
Fried and Prejudice .  The Best F king News Team reports on Paula Deen 
Moment of Zen - James Gandolfini Tribute  DailyShow
This week :  John Oliver welcomes Maggie Gyllenhaal , Questlove Gomez filmmaker Josh Fox  and SCOTUSblog editor Tom Goldstein . 
TDSBreakingNews City of Paris launches campaign to be nicer to tourists .  Will randomly select one tourist per day to treat politely . 
Paula Deen defends herself against accusations of racism .   DailyShow
Deranged Millionaire John John Hodgman argues human genes are just another natural resource that's   ready to be exploited .  
Germany cools on President Obama following the NSA intelligence gathering controversy .   DailyShow
Exclusive - A PSA for Homophobic Evangelical Christians  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 officials to meet with Taliban .  But just for lunch , so there's   no expectation of sex . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  I'm no Dick Cheney .  Has never shot a friend .  Only enemies and everyone standing within 300 feet of enemies . 
Samantha Bee walks a mile in a bullied Christian's   shoes .   DailyShow
Sarah Palin quits quitting , iran votes for Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's   replacement , Sam Bee reports on a bullied majority .  
Sarah Palin returns to Fox News and forces America into a difficult choice .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Snowden :  'It's   an honor to be called traitor by Cheney' .  It certainly beats being called a hunting buddy . 
Lewis Black on Future Technology  DailyShow
This week :  John Oliver welcomes Linda Cardellini , Jim Gaffigan filmmaker Dawn Porter , and Tom Brokaw . 
Snitches get stitches .  - Samantha Bee  DailyShow
The Boy Scouts of America and Gay Rights  DailyShow
Next week :  John Oliver welcomes Linda Cardellini from Mad Men Jim Gaffigan documentary filmmaker Dawn Porter , and NBC's   Tom Brokaw . 
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush :  Ecomomy needs immigrants b/c they're 'more fertile . ' And those babies are worth 1000's   of $$$ apiece . 
TDSBreakingNews House blocks effort to close Guantanamo .  They argue :  since nobody's   eating , running the place is cheap ! 
MT Steve King 20 brazen self professed illegal aliens have just invaded my DC office .  Those are what we call 'janitors . '
TDSBreakingNews A sharp rise in Americans with college degrees .  Unrelated :  a sharp rise in baristas who can quote Sophocles . 
The last time John Oliver saw Mavis Staples he was dressed as Peter Pan at the Rally to Restore Sanity .   DailyShow
Back in Black - Future Technology  
Summer of the Whistleblower  DailyShow
The Summer of the Whistleblower continues , Lewis Black on future technology , and Mavis Staples performs .  
New White House nutrition czar urges kids to let partially-chewed junk food fall out of their mouths .  
TDSBreakingNews Bill Clinton named Father of the Year .  .  .  Sorry , typo .  Should have read 'Fatherer of the Year' . 
Al Madrigal sits down with this pig for his latest report on whistleblowers .   
TDSBreakingNews Paul Ryan :  NSA comes off as 'fairly creepy' .  Soooo .  .  .  like this ?  
TDSBreakingNews Pope admits existence of 'gay lobby' in Vatican .  Later admits entire edifice 'pretty much a Liberace fever dream . '
Armando Iannucci Yes .  We are aiming for slightly better than crucifixion . 
Armando Iannucci We hope it ends better than that ! 
He talks the talk but believe me this movie also walks the walk .  - John Oliver It c**ks the c**k .  - Seth Rogen 
Welcome to The Daily Show , I am John Oliver .   DailyShow
Hey , look what's   trending .  johnoliverblewagreatdane
27 Worst Moments Of John Oliver's   First 6 Minutes Hosting The Daily Show 
Hey , look what's   trending !  johnoliverblewagreatdane
TDSBreakingNews Tim Cook :  Apple maps has greatly improved .  So stop into an Apple Store-slash-vacant lot for an upgrade ! 
John Oliver takes his seat behind the desk .  11/10c DailyShow  ( Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for Comedy Central 
Welcome to Twitter Hillary Clinton Glad to hear one Clinton can keep their comments concise . 
Al Madrigal gauges reactions to New York City's   bike share program .  
This week :  John Oliver hosts The DailyShow !  He welcomes Seth Rogen Armando Iannucci Mavis Staples , and
TDSBreakingNews Romney :  'I wish hurricane Sandy hadn't hit a week before elections' .  Adds :  'I also wish I hadn't said that . '
John Oliver has three months to destroy everything Jon Stewart built at The Daily Show 
Full Episode - June 6 , 2013 
Full Pedal Racket :  New Yorkers adjust to a new bike sharing program .  
Moment of Zen - John Oliver Takes Over  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Verizon customers monitored by NSA .  In their defense , it's   right there in the bill :  $9 . 01 Fed Surveil .  Fee
Jessica Williams investigates America's   health belt and Tennessee's   rejection of expanded Medicaid coverage .  
Download the new Comedy Central Stand-Up app for iPhone and iPad :  
NJ Governor Chris Christie embraces New Jersey's   proud tradition of abusing political power .  
TDSBreakingNews MLB seeking to suspend 20 players for drug use .  Specifically , for Bogarting all the drugs . 
The World Health Organization warns of a deadly bat herpes outbreak .   DailyShow
Brian Williams and Jon discuss the Jersey Shore's   resurgence and their summer ice cream dates .  
Chinese Oil Drill  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Google bans porn from Glass .  But they know how much we love it !  They have our search history ! 
TDSBreakingNews IRS paid motivational speaker $17 ,000 .  Hey , it's   their money , right ? 
John McCain's   Syrian Photo Op - 
Full Episode :  The IRS saga continues , and John McCain hangs out with Syrian rebels .  
Mike Lerner and Maxim Pozdorovkin discuss their new documentary Pussy Riot :  A Punk Prayer .  
Full Episode :  The IRS gets audited , John McCain visits Syrian rebels , and the meaning of Pussy Riot .  
Amid ongoing scandal , the IRS finds its every action painted in a nefarious light .   DailyShow
Enter to win tix to see John Oliver on  Guess the funniest line in this video :   Rules 
TDSBreakingNews Steven Seagal in Russia to look for clues in Boston marathon attack .  Any clues found will be released straight to video . 
TDSBreakingNews MSNBC prez :  'We're not the place' for breaking news .  Proving his point , he broke that news in the NY Times . 
This week :  Jon welcomes the filmmakers behind Pussy Riot - A Punk Prayer , friend-of-the-show Brian Williams , and speechwriter
Tea Party Manatee-Riding Patriots .  Al Madrigal reports :   DailyShow
Jon and the correspondents examine the politics of children and where traditional family values went .  
The DailyShow returns Monday night !  11/10c . 
New episodes of The DailyShow return Monday ! 
OK , let's   answer that .  There we go .  3 .  .  .  2 .  .  .  1 .  .  .  - Wayne Allyn Root The Only Unfair Thing Ever 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  DailyShow
Nooney Tunes  DailyShow
From The DailyShow archive :  South Park Death Threats 
On Topic - Adulthood - Work  DailyShow
On Topic - Adulthood - Maturity  DailyShow
Rob Riggle goes undercover to report on Berkeley's   reaction to a new Marine recruiting station .    ( 2008 )  DailyShow
Morgan Freeman uses balloons to explain the Big Bang and the theory of multiple universes .   DailyShow
Al Madrigal visits former pundit Dylan Ratigan to find out why he left the vapid world of cable news to be a farmer .  
Nooney Tunes  DailyShow
Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the 'taxcode nano . '  DailyShow
The Only Unfair Thing Ever  DailyShow
Morgan Freeman explains physics to Jon Stewart .  
FollowFriday
Jason Jones talks with author and radio personality Wayne Allyn Root about the indignity of being profiled .  
Priorities 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Obama to rein in drone strikes .  From now on , he'll only rain death from the sky on his cheat day . 
Tax Men - Apple  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Anthony Weiner running for NYC mayor , proving God listens to the prayers of New York Post cartoonists . 
Canada High - A Heritage of Crack  DailyShow
Al Madrigal talks with Dylan Ratigan about life after cable news and his Crocs Shoes Web :   Mobile :  
Samantha Bee and Jason Jones identify Canada's   two national crack-related industries .   
Toronto's   mayor -- victim of malicious video editing or cleaning up city by smoking all its crack himself ?  
I love being from Canada and I love a lot of the things about the country , but we're not perfect .  - Ellen Page 
The Obama administration's   2009 promise to create a computerized health record system for veterans proves elusive .  
TDSBreakingNews Apple's   offshore cash avoided tens of billions in taxes .  So THAT'S why their stuff is so cheap . 
TDSBreakingNews McCain :  'Why the hell' do I have to keep updating iPhone apps ?  The parking meter had no answer . 
America's   Heroes Return - Operation Enduring Wait  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Barackalypse Now , china's   mysterious ooze , and Ellen Page sings Canada's   praises .  
Things May Be Bad , But at Least Our Streets Don't Burp Mystery Goo  DailyShow
Barackalypse Now  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Yahoo buys Tumblr .  Promises it will be WAY better than GeoCities . 
This week Jon welcomes Ellen Page Phil Jackson , Bill O'Reilly Bill O'Reilly and Morgan Freeman .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
Big Ratings in Giant china  ( Chinese translation )   DailyShow
President Obama learns about government scandals involving his administration the same way most other Americans do .  
Recap - Week of 5/13/13 
Disney Princess Merida gets a makeover 
Prince Harry Visits America  DailyShow
The IRS targets conservative groups and the Justice Department seizes AP phone records .  
TDSBreakingNews Nixon's   counsel says Obama is no Nixon .  He meant it as an insult . 
TDSBreakingNews Toronto Star :  Vid shows mayor smoking crack .  Or as they call it in Canada sucking the glass hockey stick . 
Disney Princess Merida gets a controversial makeover .   
Larry Wilmore on The Black Presidency  DailyShow
The Road to the Road to the Road to the White House  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews IRS softball team cancels game with the GOP .  Because the GOP called them biased and petty ?  NotHelping
How far can DARRELISSA CARTER pee ?  
Full Episode :  Hurricane Scandy hits the Obama administration and Olympia Snowe considers bipartisanship .  
Donald Rumsfeld accuses the Obama administration of promoting a self-serving narrative to fit its Middle East agenda .  
The Victorious GOP - Everyone But Rumsfeld and Cheney  DailyShow
The Victorious GOP  DailyShow
Jessica Williams steps in to help a Utah state legislator return to his dogmatic roots .  
TDSBreakingNews Columbia University has 'whites only' scholarship .  And now , likely , whites only alumni donations . 
Prince Harry Visits America 
President Obama learns about government scandals involving his administration the same way most other Americans do .  
Now her eyes can instantly fact-check her mouth !  
Tony Award-winning actor Nathan Lane discusses the sweatshop working conditions on the set of The Nance .  
Jessica Williams aids a conservative politician suffering from acute compassion .  
Full Episode :  John Oliver reports on Prince Harry , Jessica Williams counsels a wayward Republican , and Nathan Lane 
Prince Harry Visits America  DailyShow
Me Talk Reluctantly One Day  DailyShow
The IRS shifts the burden of proof from the tinfoil behatted to the government .   DailyShow
Oh , so THAT'S what Christie was losing weight for .  
Bi-Annual Competency Round-Up - 
StarTrek director J . J .  Abrams 
Jon Stewart's   Internet Browser History :   ,  ,   ( 
Barack Trek :  Into Darkness  DailyShow
Jon Stewart's   Internet Browser History  DailyShow 
The IRS targets conservative groups and the Justice Department seizes AP phone records .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  Debate over Benghazi talking points is a sideshow .  True , in that someone's   getting nails pounded up his nose . 
Weekly Recap :  The NRA fights the liberal darkness and Chris Christie squashes a spider .   DailyShow
Jessica Williams teaches a few immigrants about the true meaning of Cinco de Mayo .  
Recap - Week of 5/6/13 
The Good , the Bad and the Crazy 
aasif mandvi Mandvi scares potential college students straight .  
Republicans insist Benghazi is the worst cover-up since whatever the last thing was that was worse than Watergate .  
TDSBreakingNews Rand Paul :  Hillary Clinton 's  hould never hold high office again . ' Adds , 'At least not for the next , say , 4 years . 
Author David Sedaris discusses how his fans dress in different cities around the country .   DailyShow
Stay Out of School :   aasif mandvi Mandvi investigates . 
Women and minorities aren't flocking to the Republican Party , but Democrats shouldn't get cocky .   DailyShow
Nancy Grace and the Jodi Arias Trial  DailyShow
The NRA fights liberal efforts to scare people into supporting gun control by scaring everybody into gun-a-palooza .  
CNN covers unfolding crime stories happening in two different cities from the same parking lot .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews NYC considers allowing non-citizens to vote .  Showing the lengths to which an entire city will go to troll Sarah Palin . 
The Big Benghazi Theory - If 
The Big Benghazi Theory  DailyShow
Republicans insist Benghazi is the worst cover-up since whatever the last thing was that was worse than Watergate .  
Full Episode :  Benghazi-gate continues apace , CNN pulls a fast one , and Carey Mulligan of The Great Gatsby .  
The Met Ball is so glamorous that Mindy Kaling found herself wearing a lot of other dead women's   hair .  
TDSBreakingNews Cheney :  Benghazi attack would have been different under Bush .  For starters , we would have backed Gaddafi against NATO . 
Jessica Williams chooses to not waste her Cinco de Mayo experience by marching for more humane immigration laws .  
TDSBreakingNews Mark Sanford wins congressional seat , proving the only thing South Carolinians won't forgive is sex with a horse .  Twice . 
Residential Evil  DailyShow
The Real Cinco de Mayo Jessica Williams goes in search of the fiesta .    ( link actually works this time ) 
NRA Convention 2013 :  The Good , the Bad and the Crazy 
Mindy Kaling on The DailyShow 
A Bug's   Death  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Bill Clinton :  Hillary having a little fun right now .  Adds , Just not as much fun as me . 
NRA Convention 2013 :  The Good , the Bad and the Crazy  DailyShow
NRA Convention 2013  DailyShow
Full Episode :  The NRA does its best CPAC impression and Christiane Amanpour bets on CNN's   resurgence .   DailyShow
The Daily Show's   app is available for free on iPhone , iPad , Android , Kindle Fire and Windows devices :  
Weekly Recap  DailyShow
Robert Downey Jr talks about his new movie IronMan3 .   DailyShow
This week on The DailyShow Jon welcomes Christiane Amanpour Mindy Kaling Carey Mulligan , and David Sedaris . 
Jon Hamm on the St .  Louis St .  Louis Cardinals and MadMen  DailyShow
NBA veteran Jason Collins admits he's   gay .  Jason Jones was hoping for something with a little more flair .   DailyShow
Zero Dark 900 ,000  DailyShow
F**kface Von Clownstick might need to call the birther team 
 AlMadrigal's   new comedy special Why Is The Rabbit Crying ?  is now available on iTunes 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 added 165 ,000 jobs in April .  News Corp furiously firing people to get that number back down . 
TDSBreakingNews Microsoft announces end to Hotmail , admitting It was never that hot . 
We seem to have hit a Fuckface Von Nervestick . 
 EricGreitens of TheMissionContinues on helping returning veterans .   Support veterans :  
Support veterans .  Enter for the chance to hang out with Jon Stewart and John Oliver backstage at The DailyShow !  
Samantha Bee and The Best F king News Team in Zero Dark 900 ,000 .  Pt .  1  Pt .  2  DailyShow
The Red Tape Diaries - VA Reform  DailyShow
Procrasturbating 
Cut Punters - Sequester La-di-da 
TDSBreakingNews Petraeus to teach at 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2C .  Turns out unacceptable Army behavior is perfectly acceptable college-professor behavior . 
Enter for the chance to hang out with Jon Stewart and John Oliver backstage at The DailyShow !  
Full Episode :  Guantanamo goes on a hunger strike , Ted Cruz rankles everybody , and Jon welcomes Kay Bailey Hutchison .  
 almadrigal's   new comedy special Why Is The Rabbit Crying ?  is now available on CD and DVD 
Limbo Update :  After many promises , Guantanamo remains open .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Schwarzenegger backs immigration bill .  Actually , he said I'll be back .  .  .  ing the immigration bill . 
TDSBreakingNews Jamestown settlers resorted to cannibalism .  Only other option was English cooking .  Ewwww
Robert Downey Jr on IronMan3 
John Oliver begins his run as guest host of The DailyShow on Monday , June 10 . 
Cut Punters  DailyShow
NBA veteran Jason Collins admits he's   gay .  Jason Jones was hoping for something with a little more flair .  
Full Episode :  Syria tests President Obama , Jason Collins comes out as gay , and Robert Downey Jr  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 5 Americans believe Obamacare repealed .  Insurance companies to start dropping 1 in 5 customers , crossing fingers . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama says Russia cooperating after Boston bombing .  Offers to bomb Chechnya again , just for hell of it . 
Aasif Mandvi reports on the huge joke that is the sequester .  
Cut Punters  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Women opting for surgery to get Michelle Obama's   arms .  Good luck getting Obamacare to pay for that . 
TDSBreakingNews NBA's   Jason Collins comes out as gay .  Fellow gays vow not to treat him differently just because he's   an elite athlete . 
John Oliver heads down under for a 3-part report to see how an entire nation gave up their fundamental freedoms .  
John Hodgman teaches us that noble gases equal bulls**t returns .  
Recap - Week of April 22 .  
For as much as they love the Constitution , Fox news contributors have no problem throwing out most of its amendments .  
Support veterans .  Enter for a chance to meet Jon Stewart and John Oliver :  
Full Episode :  CNN covers the Boston manhunt and Christina Hendricks considers possible Mad Men spinoffs .  
John Oliver travels to Australia to witness citizens struggling to survive without the right to bear arms .  
This is CNN ?  
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  'Planned Parenthood is not going anywhere . ' So either PP will last forever or it's   a stalled Pinto .  Obambiguity
John Oliver discovers that Mad Max's   country is much safer than ours .  
Library Accomplished 
Full Episode :  George W .  Bush is back and John Oliver finished his report on gun control in Australia .  
TDSBreakingNews Frank Luntz :  Limbaugh problematic for GOP .  Limbaugh :  Luntz tastes terrible for a frank . 
TDSBreakingNews Barbara Bush on Jeb pres .  run :  We've had enough Bushes .  Since when has American ever stopped at enough ? 
Support veterans .  Enter for a chance to meet Jon Stewart and John Oliver :   DailyShow
Gold -- it's   no beryllium .  - John John Hodgman  DailyShow
The freedom lovers at Fox News jettison Constitutional amendments following the Boston bombing .   DailyShow
Insider House Rules  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Congress fails to limit its own corruption and John Oliver remembers Australia's   political victims .  
Ask Al Madrigal Anything  DailyShow
Here are the first three minutes of almadrigal's   new stand-up special Why Is The Rabbit Crying ?  
TDSBreakingNews France approves same-sex marriage .  Which really means they approved same-sex cheating .  ItsFrance ! 
Aasif Mandvi reports on the new look of Caucasian terrorists .  
Al Madrigal Why is the Rabbit Crying ?  premieres this Friday , April 26th at 11/10c on Comedy Central 
Full Episode :  CNN covers every moment of the Boston manhunt and Christina Hendricks considers Mad Men spinoffs .  
This is CNN ?   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell says new taco helped them create jobs .  The mobility-scooter factory just went to three shifts ! 
TDSBreakingNews President hosts White House science fair .  Kid with Alka-Seltzer volcano complains of vote-rigging . 
The Most Busted Name in News  DailyShow
Whoop-de-doo ?  - John Oliver 
CNN's   exclusive report on the Boston Marathon bombing was exclusive because it was completely f**king wrong .  
Gun Control Whoop-de-doo  DailyShow
John Oliver goes to Australia to test the theory that government-mandated gun control doesn't work .   DailyShow
CNN delivers an exclusive report that's   completely f**king wrong .   DailyShow
I want to share stupidity with the world .  - Ricky Gervais on Twitter  DailyShow
John Oliver and Jessica Williams share an exclusive , possibly credible report of an unconfirmed arrest .   DailyShow
CNN delivers an exclusive report that's   completely f**king wrong .   DailyShow
Full Episode :  CNN goes down speculation road , the United States is accused of torture , and Ricky Gervais  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews NH lawmaker apologizes for e-mail calling women vaginas .  Explains , I just meant they were unclean . 
TDSBreakingNews Rand Paul hints he'll run for president .  .  .  of Howard University . 
Jon welcomes Tom Cruise for a conversation about his new movie Oblivion .  
Lewis Black shares his thoughts on The Moocher Class in the latest BackinBlack  DailyShow
Al Madrigal lays out the tough but fair conditions Latinos will impose on Republicans who want to win back the WH .  
Jon Stewart's   message to Boston :   DailyShow
Full Episode :  Al Madrigal on a path to citizenship , Lewis Black on poverty in America , and Tom Cruise  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Gold crashes to 2-year low , discrediting the last trustworthy thing on Fox News .  commercials
TDSBreakingNews G . W .  Bush on his art :  People are surprised I can even read .  People point out :  painting isn't reading . 
The NCAA's   Perfectly Fair Rules  DailyShow
aasif mandvi Mandvi dunks on the NCAA's   policies regarding student-athletes .  
Jessica Williams investigates the precipitous decline of the pubic lice population .  
Full Episode :  Larry Wilmore helps Republicans woo blacks , aasif mandvi investigates the NCAA , and Edie Falco 
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on the NCAA's   perfectly fair rules regarding student-athletes .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  Obama's   budget is 'just not serious . ' This from an orange man who cries at Toyotathon commercials . 
Full Episode :  Empire of the Gun , Big Ratings in Giant china , and filmmaker Ken Burns  DailyShow
Empire of the Gun  DailyShow
Big Ratings in Giant china  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Uzbekistan calls Harlem Shake 'a vortex full of meaninglessness and shamelessness . ' Uh .  .  .  YEAH .  That's   what makes it FUN ? 
Jimmy Carter discusses humanitarian aid in Africa .  
Sodomy !  Zygotes !  Welfare !   DailyShow
Full Episode : Sodomy !  Zygotes !  Welfare !  Then Jimmy Carter celebrates his defeat of the guinea worm .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Al-Qaida branch in Iraq announces merger with Syrian militants .  Hundreds of downsized terrorists update LinkedIn profiles . 
Congress evolves on gay marriage .  
UH-O 
Pubic lice face serious threats , but Jessica Williams hasn't given up hope for their survival .   DailyShow
Full Episode :  President Obama's   woes , Jessica Williams talks pubic lice with John Waters , and author David Stockman .  
TDSBreakingNews German thieves steal 5 metric tons of Nutella .  So THAT'S what they use in those videos .  .  . 
Does she know that's   less nudity than can be found in a typical German cell-phone commercial ?  
TDSBreakingNews AP drops use of Islamist , earning praise from makers of Isla Mist  ( TM )  tropical soda . 
The laws of the most powerful nation on Earth are written with the same level of accountability as Internet comments .  
John Oliver speaks with Second Amendment advocates pushing for government regulation protecting guns from people .  
TDSBreakingNews FLOTUS refers to herself as a single mother .  That's   when a man knows he's   playing too much golf . 
Moment of Zen :  Roger Ebert 
CNN broadens the definition of news to include more goat holograms and murder dramas .   DailyShow
Last Night's   DailyShow :  CNN broadens the definition of news , the VA needs help , and Danny Boyle talks Trance .  
TDSBreakingNews Gingrich compares GOP to Downton Abbey .  Millionaires , farmers and self-loathing homosexuals ?  Check , check and check . 
TDSBreakingNews Lululemon exec fired amid see-through-pants recall .  Exec immediately hired by
R . I . P .  Roger Ebert 
The Monsanto Protection Act teaches us how a bill truly becomes a law -- with anonymous backdoor dealings .   DailyShow
Red Brand Redemption  DailyShow
Congress sneaks legislation protecting genetically modified food into an unrelated bill .  
Last Night's   DailyShow :  Republicans look to re-rebrand and Sheryl Sandberg joins Jon at the desk .  
TDSBreakingNews Scientists find hint of dark matter .  Related :  Scientists leave dark matter in pants on laundry day .  NotDarkNow
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry :  N .  Korea knows Austin is a very important city .  There's   the Capitol , the University , and uh .  .  .  Oops
Pope Francis I does away with his predecessor's   festooned papal style .   DailyShow
Nuke Kid on the Block  DailyShow
Last Night's   DailyShow :  Kim Jong-un fails to take the hint and Pope Francis I makes his mark .  
TDSBreakingNews British PM David Cameron rescues drowning sheep from mud .  A standard PM responsibility since 1046 AD . 
Author Mary Roach teaches Jon about intraoral bullous rolling 
Egypt suffers democratic growing pains , John Oliver investigates violence against guns , plus author Mary Roach 
Joe Biden really got into Easter this year .  
The Red Tape Diaries - Veteran Benefits  DailyShow
Republican Minority Outreach  DailyShow
Peter Dinklage recalls the mountains of New Jersey and Eva Mendes talks Steven Seagal .  
Barack Atah Adonai 
TDSBreakingNews Barbara Walters to retire in 2014 .  Conclave convenes next month to elect the next Barbara Walters . 
The Supreme Court hears oral arguments on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage .  
Mon , April 1 :  kristenschaaled's   stand-up special Live at the Fillmore premieres at midnight/11c on Comedy Central 
The Supreme Court hears gay marriage arguments and Jon talks with author   
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 begins stealth bombing runs over S .  Korea .  Message to N .  Korea :  This is what we do to countries we LIKE . 
TDSBreakingNews Marco Rubio pledges to filibuster gun legislation .  Democrats buy a dehumidifier in preparation . 
Swing of the Hill 
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Republican obstructionism , same-sex marriage , and actor Eva Mendes .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Five justices appear skeptical of doma .  Other four skeptical of MoMA .  Find Jasper Johns overrated . 
TDSBreakingNews Tucker Carlson to join Fox and Friends in a desperate move to make Steve Doocy seem likable . 
Republican Minority Outreach  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Larry Wilmore offers the GOP minority outreach advice and author Michael Moss talks junk food .  
These secret Muslims just get craftier every year .  
TDSBreakingNews Tiger Woods' new ad says , winning takes care of everything . Americans forced to swallow anger , admit he's   probably right . 
Bill and Melinda Gates offer $1 mil to fund the 'next generation condom . ' If successful , it would mark 1st time Microsoft stopped a virus . 
Full Episode :  Barack Obama visits israel , Al Madrigal investigates loud guns , and actor Peter Dinklage .  
Gun Ctrl Alt Delete  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Irish town legalizes drinking and driving .  Unrelated :  Lindsay Lohan applies for passport . 
Give my best to Whoopi , she's   the greatest .  
TDSBreakingNews Mont .  passes bill allowing residents to salvage road kill for food .  Montanans are now free to start continuing to do that . 
New episodes return Monday at 11/10c on
Next week on The DailyShow :  Jon welcomes Peter Dinklage from GameOfThrones , author Michael Moss , Eva Mendes , and author
TDSBreakingNews ObamaInIsreael Heckler interrupts Obama speech in Jerusalem .  Rabbi Irving Heckler immediately apologizes . 
TDSBreakingNews Saxby Chambliss :  I'm not gay , so I'm not going to marry one .  Let's   see , two negatives make a .  .  .  WOW ! 
The DailyShow returns on Monday !  11/10c on
In a city where bad dogs and appliances are out of control .  .  .  
On Monday , April 1st , Kristen Schaal is going to educate America about the taint .  
The Best F king News Team returns next week with all new episodes ! 
I f**king love science .  - Jon Stewart to Neil deGrasse Tyson  DailyShow
Democrats and Republicans prove unable to avoid their self-designed mutual ball punch .  
Special Edition Full Episode :  Drones  DailyShow
Jaded Russians prove unimpressed by a 10-ton meteor exploding over the country with the force of an atomic bomb .  
The universe has always been trying to kill us .  - Neil deGrasse Tyson  DailyShow
Democrats and Republicans prove unable to avoid their self-designed mutual ball punch .  
Al Madrigal fails to convince protesters pushing for Puerto Rico's   statehood that they're better off without it .  
aasif mandvi Mandvi and Samantha Bee observe would-be successors to Pope Benedict XVI .  
In a city where bad dogs and appliances are out of control , only two cops have what it takes to stop the madness .  
Photo :   
It's   the show they said was too stupid for TV .  .  .  before they saw what else was on TV .   dogandoven
TDSBreakingNews Furious over sanctions , N .  Korea vows to nuke 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  Although in N .  Korea that counts as a marriage proposal . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama WON'T use drones against Americans in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2* .  .  .  What asterisk ?  We don't see an asterisk . 
Al Madrigal talks with Puerto Ricans who seek statehood even though the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government is unable to function .  
It looks like we got us a good ol' fashioned actual talkie filibuster .  .  .   
Full Episode :  Rand Paul filibusters , Al Madrigal questions Puerto Rico's   desire for statehood , and Neil deGrasse Tyson 
TDSBreakingNews Nightmare bacteria spreading through hospitals .  CDC advises not making out w/ doctor in mop closet .  dangit
TDSBreakingNews Lindsay Graham :  hurricane victims need assault weapons for 'roaming gangs . ' To *join* them ? 
Ballots of the Southern Wild 
Full Episode :  The sequester , Mitt Romney , and Dennis Rodman .  Then , Paul Rudd discusses his life on the Supreme Court .  
TDSBreakingNews Drone spotted over Brooklyn .  Hipsters protest :  But our beards are semi-ironic ! 
Democrats and Republicans prove unable to avoid their self-designed mutual ball punch .  
Full Episode :  Congress punishes itself by not punishing itself and Paul Rudd discusses his life on the Supreme Court .  
Clear eyes , full hearts .  .  .  I forget the third one .  
Too Big To Fail - TBTF , Jon .  It's   the rich man's   YOLO .  - John John Hodgman 
TDSBreakingNews A disturbance in the Force , as if millions of Blimpie sandwich bites were spat out in terror then re-eaten .  JediMindMeld
Jason Jones reports on The Canadian Maple Syrup Syndicate 
The Obama administration engages in a war of words with legendary Washington Post word warrior Bob Woodward .  
Bob Woodward vs .  White House , Jason Jones battles maple syrup addiction , and Rachel Maddow decodes the Supreme Court .  
TDSBreakingNews 'Girls Gone Wild' files for bankruptcy .  New series :  'Asshole Gone Broke . '
For those who still deny that Global Weirding is real .  .  .  
That haunting music , does that just play when [Cheney's  ] around ?  - Jon Stewart to director R . J .  Cutler 
Greeb is good .  - John Hodgman 
Full Episode :  Wall Street enjoys a boom , Italy's   election , and Jon talks with R . J .  Cutler .  
TDSBreakingNews Anheuser-Busch sued for 'watered down beer' .  Or as Anheuser-Busch calls it , 'beer . '
Me , the Press  DailyShow
Crazy Stupid Dov  DailyShow
Sequester 2013 - Prelude to the Return of the Barter System 
Full Episode :  A blackface controversy , Robert Gibbs on the drone program , and the directors of A Place at the Table 
TDSBreakingNews Poll finds GOP to be out of touch and extreme .  But GOP unskews polls to find themselves supported by 145% . 
TDSBreakingNews Dennis Rodman travels to N .  Korea for 'diplomacy mission . ' Once again , Rodman shamelessly rips off Gov .  Bill Richardson . 
Sequester 2013 - Prelude to the Return of the Barter System 
If I am bringing up something we did on the show last week , I'm probably about to apologize for it .  - Jon Stewart 
Full Episode :  Mississippi's   Dick Molpus is vindicated and Samantha Bee prepares for post-sequester America .  
TDSBreakingNews Wall Street dips on uncertain Italian election .  Italians risk losing reputation for efficient and competent governance . 
TDSBreakingNews IKEA Swedish meatballs in Europe found to contain horsemeat .  Or , as they call it , Hurskenfloogen . 
Last Week on The DailyShow :  
TDSBreakingNews Human mission to Mars proposed for 2018 .  First instance of a person stealing a robot's   job . 
TDSBreakingNews FBI battling 'rash of sexting' among its employees .  Coincidentally , FBI employees battling 'rash of rashes' . 
Doc Blockers  DailyShow
Jessica Williams meets Texas residents tired of living under the jackboot of a democratically elected government .  
Members of Obama's   own party threaten to hold up John Brennan's   confirmation as CIA Director over drone legal issues .  
Full Episode :  WH vows greater transparency , Jessica Williams joins up with Texas secessionists , and Steven Brill .  
Last Night :  WH vows greater transparency , Jessica Williams joins up with Texas secessionists , and Steven Brill .  
Republican filibustering of Hagel's   confirmation vote is tinged with a hint of junior high school-level pettiness .  
First they came for the manatee-riders , and I was silent because I did not ride a manatee .  -- Al Madrigal 
Hagel With a Smear  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Republicans revenge themselves on Chuck Hagel , Miss .  ratifies the 13th Amendment , and Helaine Olen .  
Full Episode :  Great Britain's   fast food , a meteor explosion over Russia , and Alison Brie from Community .  
This has become Rubio's   Freebird .  
TDSBreakingNews Biden's   advice for protection :  Get a shotgun !  Other VP-endorsed weapons :  blowtorch , machete , prosthetic chainsaw . 
Jaded Russians prove unimpressed by a 10-ton meteor exploding over the country with the force of an atomic bomb .  
Tea Party Manatee-Riding Patriots :  Al Madrigal reports .  
Full Episode :  Great Britain's   fast food , a meteor explosion over Russia , and Alison Brie from Community .  
TDSBreakingNews Obama golfed with Tiger Woods .  Just two successful black guys who know A LOT more than they're saying . 
TDSBreakingNews Physicists studying Higgs data say universe is doomed .  The good news :  we'll be long dead by then .  yay ! 
Back in Black - Action Stars and Gun Control  DailyShow
Barack and the Giant Speech  DailyShow
Still Cheney After All These Years  DailyShow
Holy Quit !  - How's   It Going With That Popey Changey Thing ?  
An American Presidency - Energy Policy featuring Herman Cain  DailyShow
CNN gives a cruise ship crisis wall-to s**t-covered-wall coverage .  
My evil plan to enrich myself through insider philately continues apace !  
Barack and the Giant Speech  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Full SOTU coverage , Marco Rubio takes a water break , and Afghan author Fawzia Koofi .  
Back in Black :  Why we are asking random celebrities about gun control when we should be asking our action heroes ?  
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon creating new medals for drone attacks .  They will be bestowed from 33 ,000 feet without warning . 
Wow .  Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms and Zach Galifianakis look terrible !  hangover3 SpoilerAlert 
Still Cheney After All These Years  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :  
TDSBreakingNews Obama to hold Google+ hangout on Thursday .  Sasha and Malia bury faces in shame .  lamedadsession
Congressmen and women don buttock and breast revealing outfits they couldn't wear to the Grammys .  SOTUpredictions
Obama lipsyncs the whole thing SOTUpredictions
At the end it turns out America is all the dream of an autistic child .  SOTUpredictions
Obama announces socialist dictatorship , takes our guns away .  SOTUpredictions
Harvard University students are caught cheating on a take-home , open-Internet exam .  
Samantha Bee investigates the crisis of faith that forced Pope Benedict XVI into early retirement .  
Holy Quit !  - How's   It Going With That Popey Changey Thing ?  
TDSBreakingNews Chris Matthews says the next pope should get real about sex .  So we all know who Matthews is routing for .  PopeLenaDunham
TDSBreakingNews Benedict XVI resigns , but denies walking into God's   office and playing Take This Job and Shove It on boombox . 
Weekly Recap :  Chinese hackers , Ray Kelly , Parliament , and Neil Barofsky  DailyShow
Keep Calm and Marry On  DailyShow
Amid steep budget cuts , Al Madrigal investigates a proposed government tank purchase .  
TDSBreakingNews Asteroid to barely miss Earth next week .  Nation's   tough-as-nails deep-sea oil-drillers breathe heavy sigh .  Armageddon
TDSBreakingNews Bush family emails hacked .  Nation outraged at being made to feel sorry for George W .  Bush . 
Tanks , But No Tanks .  Al Madrigal investigates .   
Last Night's   Full Episode :  The White House opens up about drones , 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2PS changes its work schedule , and Neil Barofsky 
Schumer gives Biden his best Biden .  
Skygall  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Dick Morris fired from Fox .  Luckily , he predicted he'd work there forever , so he knew it was coming . 
TDSBreakingNews Postal Service to end Saturday delivery .  But look on the bright side :  Double-Mail Mondays !  DMM
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Republicans explore alternative methods of voter outreach and Facebook frustrates Germany .  
TDSBreakingNews Cantor aims to rebrand the GOP .  Look for three months of New GOP before going back to GOP Classic . 
Totally Non Gay All Male Tackle-Fest XLVII Feat .  Beyonce - Violence and Consumerism 
Last Night's   Full Episode :  The Super Bowl power failure and Jon talks with education reformer Michelle Rhee .  
TDSBreakingNews Sec .  State John Kerry :  I have big heels to fill .  Adds , That's   why I'm wearing socks over my pantyhose . 
Week in Review :   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Dow hits 14K for the first time since '07 .  Ironically , many Americans' retirement accounts are also now at the 14K level . 
Full Episode :  Republicans reach out to Latino voters and Jon welcomes Al Gore 
Glenn Beck's   Utopia  DailyShow
Al Madrigal in His Panic Room  DailyShow
Samantha Bee takes a close look at military brohesion :   DailyShow
Weapons of Mass Discussion  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Gun control measures , President Obama and skeet shooting , plus Jason Bateman .  
TDSBreakingNews Chinese hackers infiltrate The New York Times If they do it twice more , it's   a trends piece ! 
TDSBreakingNews Dan Marino admits to secret love child .  Officials grew suspicious when child kept choking on final exams . 
Al Madrigal in His Panic Room  DailyShow
The Nuevo Deal  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Republicans reach out to Latino voters and Jon welcomes Al Gore 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gross domestic product contracts .  Because .  .  . our economy's   having a baby ?  WeFailedEcon
TDSBreakingNews Zimbabwe has $217 left in the bank .  Have they considered minting a $300 platinum coin ? 
Glenn Beck's   Utopia  DailyShow
America 2 :  Now With More Freedom  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Man arrested for posing as Nikki Haley's   bodyguard .  Or , as its also called , wearing a suit in South Carolina . 
TDSBreakingNews Scalia :  Constitution is dead , dead , dead .  That's   funny , the crypt door is open .  .  .  OH GOD , RUN !  !  !  ! 
Military Brohesion :  Samantha Bee explores how allowing women to serve in combat will affect warzone bromance .  
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Palin quits Fox News .  Unrelated :  Greta Van Susteren seeking couch to crash on . 
Circumdecision 5773 - Vote or Chai 
TDSBreakingNews Subway apologizes for shorter-than-advertised sandwiches .  Adds , Pepperoncini ?  America nods . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple is no longer world's   most valuable company .  Talk about a bad day at Foxconn .  Sorry - worse day at Foxconn . 
Jon talks with the great Christopher Walken 
Grill Hill  
Grill Hill 
Full Episode :  Clinton's   Benghazi hearings , china's   smog problem helps America's   self-esteem , and Christopher Walken .  
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon lifts ban on women in combat .  Capt .  Spanky , Lt .  Col .  Buckwheat and Maj .  Gen .  Alfalfa resign in protest . 
israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's   election underperformance casts doubt on israel's   loyalty to israel .  
Win , Lose or Straw :  Paul Ryan questions the President's   choice of rhetorical devices .  
Full Episode :  Paul Ryan reviews Obama's   inaugural speech , israel is no friend to Netanyahu , and Missy Cummings 
TDSBreakingNews House finally passes 3-month debt-ceiling bill !  Related :  Agreeing to procrastinate now a major accomplishment . 
The First Black President 2 - Obama's   Speech  DailyShow
Last Night's   Episode :  President Obama is sworn in , Beyonce sings the National Anthem , and Jennifer Lopez .  
Last Night's   Full Episode :   DailyShow
The Best F king News Team Ever debates Michelle Obama's   inauguration bangs and Al Madrigal gets catfished .  
TDSBreakingNews First inaugural use of the word gay .  Not counting the time Johnson called Ho Chi Minh gaywad .  inaug2013
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  Entitlements do not make us a nation of takers Hannity gets to work taking last 4 words out of context inaug2013
Weekly Recap :   DailyShow
Paul Krugman teaches brand awareness , Jessica Williams on diversity , John Oliver investigates investigations .  
Full Episode :  Wednesday  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews TSA phasing out nude body scanners .  Agents finally realized it's   what they DON'T see that's   sexy . 
Guess who's   Employee of the Month -- AGAIN .  
Grand Theft Semi-Auto  DailyShow
Full Episode :  President Obama addresses gun control , the WH rebuffs a petition to build a Death Star , and Lena Dunham 
TDSBreakingNews the The First Lady joins Twitter .  Vows to get everyone's   tweets down to a trim 95 characters . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA engineers build inflatable space station , call it second-most-exciting blow-up object we've ever owned . 
An amendment limiting the law enforcement powers of the ATF couldn't be worse if the NRA wrote it themselves .  
President Obama proposes gun legislation , the NRA goes avant-garde , and the ATF searches for a full-time director .  
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Gun control measures , Hurricane Sandy relief , and Jessica Chastain .  
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry's   statement on gun control :  let's   pray for help .  God refuses , afraid of losing NRA support . 
Paging Dr .  Mandvi - Lance Armstrong  DailyShow
Lance Armstrong confesses to Oprah Winfrey  DailyShow
Lance Armstrong opens up to Oprah , Clarence Thomas speaks for the first time in seven years , and Bob Schieffer 
TDSBreakingNews NRA adds 250k members after CT shooting , proclaims tragedy Our best advertising yet ! 
Zero Dark Appointees  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Girl Scouts introduce new healthy cookie .  Related :  Girl Scouts declare bankruptcy . 
Investigating Investigative Journalism  DailyShow
Seminal rock 'n' roll musician Roger Waters on future Pink Floyd tours , his charitable work , and projectile vomit .  
TDSBreakingNews Training program teaches Republicans how to talk about rape .  Keynote speaker :  Pepe Le Pew . 
TDSBreakingNews Flu shot supply running low .  Self-satisfaction of DoomsdayPreppers running high . 
DailyShow Weekly Recap 
Scapegoat Hunter - Gun Control  DailyShow
Scapegoat Hunter - Gun Control  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Obama meets with Karzai to discuss ending war .  Karzai confused by Obama's   , Let's   do this again sometime . 
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann aide claims staffers have not been paid , but they're also not gay anymore .  How much do these people want !  ? 
Jon Stewart's   Seventh Inning Kvetch 
Scapegoat Hunter - Gun Control  DailyShow
Al Gore sells his liberal cable network to Arab news channel Al Jazeera .   DailyShow
Full Episode :  A trillion dollar coin , Al Gore sells Current TV to Al Jazeera , and Josh Brolin .  
TDSBreakingNews Nugent says gun owners will be the Rosa Parks on bus .  Tarantino immediately fast tracks a Rosa Parks w/ Gun biopic . 
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Bank Wankers , Al Madrigal reports on Detroit's   Canadian problem , and Jeff Bridges .  
Biden says he'll have gun control recommendations to Pres by Tues .  Then remembers there's   a new Bunheads on Mon night , says Weds at latest
Bank Wankers - HSBC  DailyShow
Al Madrigal exposes slick-talking Canadian bridge builders operating in Michigan .  
Disgraced Financial Institution Update :  HSBC :   and AIG :  
TDSBreakingNews Study links sweetened drinks with depression .  Maybe that's   what the cocaine used to be for . 
Scapegoat Hunter - Gun Control  DailyShow
In 10 minutes :  The DailyShow versus guns !  Who will win ?  GunsWin
TDSBreakingNews Biden will meet with NRA .  Can't wait to use ticket to the gun show joke he thinks he made up . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   2nd term cabinet dominated by men .  Though to be fair , they are VERY effeminate men . 
America tries to recover from two major disasters -- Hurricane Sandy and the Republican majority in the House .  
Full Episode :  Debt Race 2012 , Hurricane Sandy Relief , and Anne Hathaway .   DailyShow
Pro-gun groups plan 'Gun Appreciation Day' .  Next day :  Somber Request Not to Politicize The Tragic Events of Gun Appreciation Day Day . 
TDSBreakingNews Panetta on retiring at walnut farm :  he'll be dealing with a diff set of nuts Adds b/c I'm getting a ball transplant . 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return on Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c . 
John Hodgman's   Elegant Message to the 47% 
The Best F king News Team returns Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c .  DailyShow 
Back in Black - Happy New Year 
A Look Back - November 2012  DailyShow
Cliffpocalypsemageddonacaust  DailyShow
The Correspondents Explain - Campaigning - Spin Doctors 
The Best F king News Team returns in exactly one week ! 
Download The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  It's   free :  
Download The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  It's   free :  
RNC 2012 - The Road to Jeb Bush 2016 - Abortion Law and The Republican Platform 
Download The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  It's   free :  
From July 2012 :  Lewis Black on campaign bulls**t .   DailyShow
Kristen Schaal discovers that Republican policies speak even louder to women than their conservative radio jerks .  
August 2012 :  Romney chooses Paul Ryan , Chris Rock can't relate to his rich kids , and the RNC in Tampa .   DailyShow
A Look Back - June 2012  DailyShow
A Look Back - May 2012 
Download :  The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  Free :  
The War on Christmas :  Friendly Fire Edition  DailyShow
Download :  The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  Free :  
Union Jacked  DailyShow
Download :  The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  Free for iPhone , iPad , Android , Kindle Fire or Windows .  
A Look Back - April 2012 
Al Madrigal responds to KONY 2012 and Kristen Schaal tries women's   health humor .  Feb 2012 :  
Download :  The DailyShow's   Headlines app .  Free for iPhone , iPad , Android , Kindle Fire or Windows .  
A Look Back - February 2012 
A Look Back - January 2012  DailyShow
In his final Daily Show report , Wyatt Cenac learns journalism secrets from Puerto Rico's   most trusted news figure .  
TDSBreakingNews Google Maps returns to iPhone , destroying best excuse ever for being late . 
TDSBreakingNews Susan Rice drops Sec .  State bid .  McCain's   plan to make everyone as miserable as him proceeding apace . 
Full Episode :  A Jewish Christmas Carol , North Korea's   Kim Jong-un averts Armageddon , and Newark Mayor Cory Booker 
A Jewish Christmas Carol 
TDSBreakingNews PolitiFact dubs Romney ad Lie of The Year // Somewhere , a panicking Karl Rove is demanding a recount . 
Union Jacked 
Silvio Berlusconi reluctantly returns to Italian political life .   DailyShow
Let's   start with the budget for straw men .  RT Kevin McCarthy 
Full Episode :  Michigan and indiana wage economic warfare , Silvio Berlusconi seeks reelection , and Laura Linney .  
TDSBreakingNews Childhood obesity rate drops .  But at what cost ?  AT WHAT COST ?  !  HostessRIP
Mitch McConnell's   Self-Filibuster  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Bob Costas switches subjects , Mitch McConnell's   plan backfires , and Gene Robinson 
TDSBreakingNews Colbert leads in polls to replace DeMint .  Close second :  Krod Mandoon . 
TDSBreakingNews Google avoids $2 bil in taxes by moving money to Bermuda .  Discovered when money pile became visible on Google Earth . 
Girls On the Side Episode  DailyShow
Please Tell Me This is Rock Bottom  DailyShow
The War on Christmas :  Friendly Fire Edition 
Keep Calm and Carry to Term - Kate Middleton's   Uterus 
TDSBreakingNews Sheldon Adelson pays courtesy visit to Republicans in Washington .  Republicans hurriedly whisper :  Quick !  Look busy ! 
Please Tell Me This is Rock Bottom  DailyShow
Al Madrigal investigates medical marijuana's   effects on America's   most vulnerable , Jazzy-riding citizens .  
Cliffpocalypsemageddonacaust :  Totally Solvable Budget Problem - Numbers on Paper 
Full Episode :  Fiscal cliff resolutions , House Republicans pass on diversity , and Mets pitcher R . A .  Dickey .  
Full Episode :  The war on Christmas , Congress debates the filibuster , and Denis Leary 
The War on Christmas :  Friendly Fire Edition - Bill O'Reilly's   Philosophy 
TDSBreakingNews Vogue Magazine editor Anna Wintour considered for Ambassador to UK .  Better Luck next time ,
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Palin apologizes for calling some GOPers wusses .  She meant to call them wang-loving gloryhole pilots . 
The War on Christmas :  Friendly Fire Edition 
Full Episode :  Fox News and the war on Christmas , Congress debates the filibuster , and Denis Leary 
TDSBreakingNews Poll of public trust puts Congress just ahead of car salespeople .  So much for Boehner's   Restore America's   Undercoat bill . 
A Deranged Millionaire Shrugs  DailyShow
Weekly Recap :  
Consultants Without Borders 
Jon asks Warren Buffett and journalist Carol Loomis about the Buffett Rule .  
Can it run over SpeakerBoehner's   testicles ?  
Barack Obama Scrooge Christmas coming if Congress does nothing about fiscal cliff .  First good news the coal industry's   heard all year . 
A Deranged Millionaire John Hodgman Shrugs 
Mitt Romney's   White House Lunch  DailyShow
Consultants Without Borders .  Jason Jones reports .   DailyShow
Upon confirmation that RepPaulRyan's   refrigerator is , indeed , running .  .  .  
TDSBreakingNews Man removing Mitt Romney face tattoo b/c Romney has no dignity .  Won't remove tattoo of monkey peeing in own mouth . 
TDSBreakingNews Congress considering buying Powerball ticket to solve Fiscal Cliff . 
Last Night's   DailyShow :  Wal-Mart employees demonstrate , the Twinkie's   death , plus Warren Buffett and Carol Loomis .  
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney makes lunch date with only person in DC who will take his call --
Jon asks Warren Buffett and journalist Carol Loomis about the Buffett Rule .   DailyShow
The DailyShow Headlines app .  Now available on Windows 8 .  
Full Episode :  The Employees Strike Back , Who's   to blame for the Twinkie's   death ?  , and Warren Buffett and Carol Loomis .  
Full Episode :  israel and Hamas call a ceasefire , God works in mysterious ways , and author David Nasaw .  
TDSBreakingNews France to recognize Palestinian state .  Says disputed territory is masterwork of ennui illustrating futility of existence . 
TDSBreakingNews Norquist compares tax pledge to marriage vows .  Newt Gingrich suddenly open to massive tax increase . 
The turkey pardoned by President Obama is brought to justice .   DailyShow
Conflict in the Gosling Stripped 
TDSBreakingNews Grover Norquist :  Republicans having impure thoughts about taxes .  Expecially the death tax .  Ewwwww
Headlines mobile app :  iOS  Android  Kindle  Windows 
Tickets available :   DailyShow
Post-Democalyptic World - Marijuana Legalization 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  11/10c .  DailyShow
Fallout from the David Petraeus-Paula Broadwell affair includes several odiferous conspiracy theories .  
Band of Boners  DailyShow
The Correspondents Explain - The 2nd Amendment 
The DailyShowLive :    ( featuring Anderson Cooper Patrick Stewart  Hologram Edward R Murrow , and
Look Who's   Still Talking  DailyShow
The Married vs .  Single Woman Vote  DailyShow
The Correspondents Explain - The 1st Amendment  DailyShow
The Correspondents Explain - The 22nd Amendment  DailyShow
The 18th Amendment reminds America how utterly dependent on alcohol this nation really is .  
Download :  The Daily Show Headlines App 
Full Episode :  President Obama's   gifts , Al Madrigal on government gridlock , and Judge Napolitano waxes Constitutional .  
TDSBreakingNews   Mitt Romney had butt-ugly GOP primary .  Unclear whether he meant it as compliment . 
Post-Democalyptic World - Whine Country  DailyShow
Download :  The Daily Show Headlines App 
Correspondents Explain - The 18th Amendment 
In Arizona , Al Madrigal discovers the cure for government gridlock .  
Full Episode :  President Obama's   gifts , Al Madrigal on government gridlock , and Judge Napolitano waxes Constitutional .  
Download :  The Daily Show Headlines App 
Spot the dirty old fossil .  
The British Evasion  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Kristen Schaal on single women and the future of America , The British Evasion , and Jon Meacham .  
TDSBreakingNews Luke Russert asks Nancy Pelosi if she's   too old to lead , immediately learns he's   not too old to spank . 
Band of Boners  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Petitioners threaten secession , the Petraeus scandal widens , and Jason Sudeikis .  
Full Episode :  General Petraeus resigns as head of the CIA .  Jon talks with Gov .  Mike Huckabee 
Support the relief effort on Staten Island .  Donate :   Learn more :  
TDSBreakingNews Lance Armstrong steps down as board member of Livestrong .  Cancer reacts :  I wanted to win , but not like this . 
Election Night 2012 :  This Ends Now - Undecided Voters 
TDSBreakingNews Governor Christie ends gas rationing in NJ .  Maintains state control of gym , tanning , laundry industries . 
America Takes a Shower - Fox News Meltdown 
America Takes a Shower - Karl Rove's   Math 
Al Madrigal reports on Colorado's   marijuana referendum despite never having smoked pot .  
Post-Democalyptic World - Marijuana Legalization 
Full Episode :  Colorado legalizes marijuana , John Oliver's   interpretation of the election , and   
New editors Beavis and Butthead putting their stamp on things .  
Hologram George Washington 
Full Episode :  Barack Obama defeats Mitt Romney , Fox News plays the blame game , and Nate Silver .  
Election Night 2012 :  This Ends Now - Democalypse 2016  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Dick Morris I've got egg on my face .  He adds , Also , I was wrong about the election .  DudeLovesEggs
Full  ( Live !  )  Episode :  DailyShowLive - Election Night 2012 :  This Ends Now  
The  begins now !   ccelection
And now for the Fiscal Cliff .  
Democalypse 2016 :  This .  Begins .  Now .   DailyShowLive
Live stream :   DailyShowLive
DailyShowLive 
Now :  Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team are live for Election Night 2012 :  This Ends Now  DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews Rape just got a little less legitimate .  MourdockLoses DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews Detroit votes to let Mitt Romney fail .  DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews Unconfirmed :  ScottBrownMA's   truck voted for Elizabeth Warren .  DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews New Hampshire hasn't gotten this much attention since there were only 12 other states .  DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews New York goes for the Democrat !   ( Save this tweet for use in 2016 , 2020 , etc .  )  DailyShowLive
TDSBreakingNews Sean Hannity tweets ballot , breaks law .  Luckily , law doesn't apply in Hannity's   America . 
TDSBreakingNews Long voting lines in key states .  Either that or they're selling iPads at Florida schools .  DailyShowLive
Tune in for our LIVE election night coverage !  Stream it on the World Wide Web !   ( HT :  Al Gore DailyShowLive 
Um .  .  .  lots of stuff ?  
Democalypse 2012 - What Doesn't Kill Us Makes Us Stronger Edition 
Full Episode :  Democalypse 2012 :  What Doesn't Kill Us Makes Us Stronger Edition , The Strategists , and Martha Raddatz .  
TDSBreakingNews Springsteen rides with Barack Obama on Air Force One .  Manages to somehow turn 2-hour flight into 4-hour concert . 
To support the rebuilding effort in New Jersey , visit  SandyNJRelief
Swing State Hell 
The Strategist Pt .  1  DailyShow
A Daily Show Tribute to Institutional Competence 
The Strategist Pt .  2  DailyShow
A Daily Show Tribute to Institutional Competence 
Tune in for our LIVE election night coverage !  Or stream it on the World Wide Web !   ( HT :  Al Gore  DailyShowLive
Bob Woodruff and Jon talk about Stand Up For Heroes :   To learn more , visit :  
Full Episode :  Swing State Hell , Jason Jones and John Oliver raise student council election funds , and Bob Woodruff .  
The Strategist Pt .  1 
DailyShow Tribute to Institutional Competence 
Full Episode :  Sandy hits lower and upper Manhattan , government competence , and Jon Ronson .  
TDSBreakingNews David Axelrod bets his mustache Obama will win .  His surprise ?  Underneath is ANOTHER MUSTACHE . 
TDSBreakingNews Governor Christie signs order postponing Halloween in NJ .  Also , Friday the 13th now moved to Tuesday the 24th . 
Democalypse 2012 - Please , For the Love of God , Make It Stop 
TDSBreakingNews Sununu :  Powell endorsed Barack Obama b/c he's   black .  So shouldn't Sununu endorse old Ukranian woman ? 
Download :  The Daily Show's   Headline App .  Free .  Now available on every platform out there .  
To help veterans and military spouses find meaningful employment , visit 
Bulls%t Mountain :  Episode I - The Phantom Menace 
Somebody please -- take the words right out of his mouth !  
Republican Candidate Said What About Rape Now ?  
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama Kids can tell Romney is a bulls**ter .  The same kids who think a fairy pays good money for used teeth ? 
To help veterans and military spouses find meaningful employment , visit 
Two former Iraq War combat medics explain the difficulties of turning military experience into civilian employment .  
Bulls%t Mountain :  Episode I - The Phantom Menace 
TDSBreakingNews   clarifies :  God does not want rape .  Does anyone else hear a but coming ? 
Full Episode :  Democalypse 2012 coverage of Presidential Debate 3 
Campaign Closing Arguments with aasif mandvi Manvdi and John Oliver .  
Support autism programs :  Text STARS to 50555 to donate $10 .  2manystars
Full Episode :  Mitt Romney and Barack Obama debate foreign policy , and Gerard Butler .  
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama Halloween masks outselling Romney masks 60%-40% .  GOP demands photo ID to buy masks . 
The man on the right has NO IDEA who the man on the left is .  
Not Optimal-Gate  DailyShow
Obama's   Final Campaign .  Samantha Bee and Jessica Williams report :  
Support autism programs :  Text STARS to 50555 to donate $10 .  2manystars
Full Episode :  Bullsh*t Mountain , Obama's   Final Campaign , and comedian DL Hughley .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney blimp crashes in South Florida .  GOP allege gravity is in the tank for Obama . 
TDSBreakingNews   spending two days on campaign trail with Barack Obama Well , two days or until they find the handcuff key . 
Weekly Recap :   DailyShow
Bid now :  One Rumble2012 lithograph autographed by Jon Stewart and Bill O'Reilly .   Support autism programs .  2manystars
Bid now on one Original Jon Stewart / Bill O'Reilly Rumble2012 Title Belt  and support autism programs .  2manystars
Condescent of a Woman .  Samantha Bee reports .   DailyShow
Bid now :  One Rumble2012 lithograph autographed by Jon Stewart and Bill O'Reilly .   Support autism programs .  2manystars
Bid now :  One Rumble2012 lithograph autographed by Jon Stewart and Bill O'Reilly .   Support autism programs .  2manystars
Bid now on one Original Jon Stewart / Bill O'Reilly Rumble2012 Title Belt  and support autism programs .  2manystars
Bid now :  One Rumble2012 lithograph autographed by Jon Stewart and Bill O'Reilly .   Support autism programs .  2manystars
Bid now on one Original Jon Stewart / Bill O'Reilly Rumble2012 Title Belt  and support autism programs .  2manystars
Full Episode :  Samantha Bee on women and the debate .  Jon talks with President Barack Obama 
RupertMurdochApologies There are many wonderful people from Portugal , and I regret implying otherwise . 
RupertMurdochApologies To the workers at the Davos Hilton , I will pay in full for the broken plumbing and hurt feelings . 
RupertMurdochApologies I apologize to the carpet at 102 St .  James Street .  It knows what I did to it . 
The Second Debate - Benghazi 
The Second Debate - Binders of Women 
The Second Debate :  Now Including the President 
Full Episode :  Barack Obama shows up for the second debate , John Oliver recruits a focus group , and Nate Silver .  
Herman Cain on American Exceptionalism 
Back in Black :  Lewis Black addresses Lance Armstrong , butt chugging , and the one honest man in America .  
Full Episode :  Paul Ryan visits a homeless shelter , Herman Cain on American exceptionalism , and Eugene Jarecki .  
Democalypse 2012 - Please , For the Love of God , Make It Stop 
Democalypse 2012 - V . P .  Debate :  Battle for the Historical Footnote 
Download The Daily Show's   Headlines app for iPhone , iPad , Android , and Kindle Fire .  Free .  
Full Episode :  Democalypse 2012 coverage of the VP debate , Martha Raddatz , and author J . K .  Rowling .  
Weekly Recap :   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews  volunteers at Ohio soup kitchen .  Afterwards , deems it worst fundraiser ever . 
The Black Mormon Vote  DailyShow
The Rumble2012 is now available on iTunes !  
Next week :  Barack Obama will make his sixth appearance on The DailyShow on Thursday , Oct .  18 .  11/10c . 
Our New Election Economy .  John Oliver reports .  
Full Episode :  Down-ticket congressional races , John Oliver and the election economy , and Paul Thomas Anderson .  
Apparently , Poochie did NOT die on the way back to his home planet !  
Frequently Asked Questions ?  
Full Episode :  President Obama , Mitt Romney , and Big Bird .  Jason Jones explains polls .  Jon talks with Earvin Magic Johnson 
TDSBreakingNews Ann Romney burns her Welsh cakes on Good Morning America goes home , fires cook . 
Correspondent Jessica Williams meets black Mormon voters .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney campaigns on Iowa farm , declares it , The most beautiful dance floor a horse could ask for . 
Staring unblinkingly into the future .  .  .  
Fans in the NY area :  Join host Jon Stewart for A Night of Too Many Stars at the Beacon Theatre this Sat .  Oct .  13 !  
Children's   Television Chop Shop - This Week With George Snuffleupagus  
Full Episode :  Conservative conspiracy theories , Sesame Street comes under fire , and Pete Townshend .  
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney calls for arming Syrian rebels who share our values .  Other rebels call for stealing those guns . 
Weekly Recap :   DailyShow
Full Episode :  Mitt Romney's   lies win the first debate , Barack Obama breaks Chris Matthews , and Bill O'Reilly .  
The Rumble2012 live stream begins now !  
Moments before the rumble2012 starts Jon Stewart is still prepping .  
Dessert .  Tweet correction .  So much excitement around rumble2012 we forgot how to spell . 
Only 35 minutes until Rumble2012 .  Hurry up and finish dinner and log on .  no time for desert !  !  !  
Two podiums .  One air-conditioned auditorium .  It's   The Rumble2012 .  The debate streams live Sat .  8 pm EST .  Pre-order 
The Rumble2012 in the Air-Conditioned Auditorium Debate Prep with Stephen Colbert 
O Bama , Where Art Thou ?  Pt .  2 
Polish That Turd - Barack Obama's   Lethargy 
Stewart .  O'Reilly .  Two podiums .  One air-conditioned auditorium .  It's   The Rumble2012 .  Streaming live Saturday 8 pm EST .  
O Bama , Where Art Thou ?  
O Bama , Where Art Thou ?  Pt .  1 
Full Episode :  Full Democalypse 2012 coverage of the first presidential debate !  Plus Bill O'Reilly .  
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama Man on stage last night not real Mitt Romney .  Meanwhile , Not Real Mitt Romney leading polls by 6 points . 
TDSBreakingNews Facebook mentions of Big Bird increase 800 ,000% during debate .  Wait .  .  .  there were Big Bird mentions BEFORE the debate ? 
Last night's   debate summed up in one GIF .  
Stephen Colbert preps Jon for The Rumble2012 .    ( Live stream the debate at 8 p . m on Saturday .  
Sean Hannity and Tucker Carlson expose an explosive 2007 video of Barack Obama .  
TDSBreakingNews   explains convention speech :  I was high on democracy .  Well , democracy cut heavily with crack . 
Herman Cain :  An American Presidency - Chinese Debt Crisis 
Right Said Fraud 
TDSBreakingNews Air Force Two carrying Joe Biden aborts landing .  Add I swear I won't touch anything to list of broken promises . 
Full Episode :  Larry Wilmore on voter suppression , Herman Cain on china , and Liam Neeson .  
American Terror Story 
Negate Expectations - The Presidential Debates 
Full Episode :  Negate Expectations , the White House responds to violence in Libya , and Arnold Arnold 
TDSBreakingNews New York Jets owner Woody Johnson :  I'd rather have Romney win than the Jets .  Duh , the Jets would make a terrible president . 
TDSBreakingNews Hugo Chavez :  I'd vote for Obama .  Adding , I keep hearing all this great stuff about what a big Socialist he is . 
Sudden Wealth Syndrome 
TDSBreakingNews G . W .  Bush to keynote Cayman Islands Investment Summit .  Hopes to squeeze in visit with Mitt Romney's   money . 
Starved by the Bell - Kids Protest School Lunch Calorie Limits 
NFL Referee Labor Dispute 
Every Which Way But Lucid 
Starved by the Bell 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney Winning PA on Nov 6th really would shock people .  // My fellow androids would , of course , remain impassive . 
Bore Games 
Full Episode :  Kids protest school lunches , the UN General Assembly , and Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire 
TDSBreakingNews Romney camp says polls in favor of Obama are skewed .  Other alternative :  everybody's   a bunch of Socialists . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL ref lockout is over !  Football no a longer lawless wasteland .  Just extremely violent . 
Jason Jones investigates Sudden Wealth Syndrome 
NFL Referee Labor Dispute 
Every Which Way But Lucid 
President Obama Snubs World Leaders 
Full Episode :  Obama's   busy schedule , Romney on redistribution , and King Abdullah II of Jordan .  
TDSBreakingNews Piers Morgan asks Ahmadinejad about his love life .  Then asks KStew about uranium enrichment . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney says he's   kind of partisan .  Describes financial status as comfortable . 
Chaos on Bulls**t Mountain - The Entitlement Society 
Full Episode :  Mitt Romney shares his opinion of 47% of Americans .  
Chaos on Bulls**t Mountain 
Full Episode :  Bill Clinton 
TDSBreakingNews Rand Paul :  The election is over .  .  .  Romney has already won .  Aqua Buddha has spoken !  AllHailAquaBuddha
Exclusive :  Pink performs Who Knew ?  
TDSBreakingNews Tim Pawlenty quits Mitt Romney campaign .  Staffers heard wondering where that potted plant near the door went . 
P ! nk performs Blow Me One Last Kiss 
Chaos on Bulls**t Mountain 
Full Episode :  Chaos on Bulls%t Mountain , negative campaigning , and P ! nk performs .  
The Millionaire Gaffemaker 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama doesn't remember national debt amount .  Adding , Why ?  Is it bad ? 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney Appearing on  is high risk .  Adding , But vote for me and I'll take on Ahmadinejad ! 
Moment of Zen - Mr Burns Speaks at the Springfield Republican Party Headquarters 
Minority Benefits :  Jessica R .  Williams and Al Madrigal assess Mitt Romney's   Latino voter comments .  
Full Episode :  Mitt Romney shares his opinion of 47% of Americans .  Jon talks with Salman Rushdie 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama to appear on Kansas ballot after all .  Chance of winning Kansas improves from 0% to 0 . 4%
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney says comments about 47percent not elegantly stated .  We do expect elegance from the owner of a dancing horse . 
Conservatives Rethink Middle Eastern Democracy 
Full Episode :  Violence in the Middle East , John Oliver reports from Egypt , and Kofi Annan .  
Bill O'Reilly .  Jon Stewart .  Two podiums .  One air-conditioned auditorium .  
The Correspondents Explain - Campaigning 
The Party of Inclusion  DNC
Complete Best F king News Team coverage of the RNC from Tampa .  
Barack Obama :  It Could Have Been Worse 
The Daily Show Headlines App .  Free for iPhone , iPad , Android and Kindle Fire .  
Discrepancies arise in Fox News's   coverage of the RNC and the DNC .  
Full Episode from Charlotte :  President Obama's   speech , memories of Charlotte , and Fox News .  
New Obama conspiracy :  Actually a toy who comes to life when nobody/everybody is looking .  
Bill Clinton's   Math  DailyShow
Full Episode from Charlotte :  Bill Clinton , Barack Obama - It Could Have Been Worse , and Austan Goolsbee .  
Barack Obama :  It Could Have Been Worse 
The secret to the Clinton marriage ?  Distance .  
TDSBreakingNews Survey :  Two most popular words to describe Joe Biden are good and idiot .  Least popular words :  engorged + delicious . 
Exclusive Preview :  Barack Obama - It Could Have Been Worse , narrated by Larry David .  
The Party of Inclusion  DNC2012
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   DNC2012 speech moved indoors due to weather .  President , no amount of appeasing will get the weather to work w/ u ! 
Hope and Change 2 - The Democratic National Convention 
Honestly , we have no idea why people say BuzzFeed is nothing more than aggregated content from elsewhere and links to cute animal photos . 
Either this is from the DNC or the movie we bought at the hotel last night .  .  . 
Hope and Change 2 - The Best F king News Team reports from Charlotte , NC  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama gives himself an incomplete on economy .  In his defense , that's   a Choom Gang A ! 
TDSBreakingNews Planned Parenthood launches Yes , We Plan effort at DNC2012 .  Better than other idea :  the Audacity of IUD . 
The Best F king News Team's   coverage of the DNC from Charlotte , NC begins Tuesday at 11/10c . 
The Best F king News Team on Ann Romney and Reince Priebus 
Samantha Bee learns that government is meant to protect the individual liberties of everyone lacking a uterus .  
Full Episode from Tampa :  Clint Eastwood , Mitt Romney , and minority outreach at the RNC .  
Full DailyShow coverage of the RNC :  
Full DailyShow coverage of the RNC :  
TDSBreakingNews   Don't look for me if Todd Akin is found murdered .  Adding , I'm smart enough to make it look like an accident . 
The Best F king News Team audits America .   DailyShow
A Fistful of Awesome 
Web Exclusive :  My Tampa with aasif mandvi Mandvi 
Full Episode from Tampa :  Clint Eastwood , Mitt Romney , and The Best F king News Team audits America .  
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney aides praise Clint Eastwood's   speech .  They also picked Tampa in August , so .  .  .  BadJudgement
RNC 2012 :  Coverage of RepPaulRyan's   Speech 
RNC Correspondent John Oliver reports on We Can Change It .  
Full Episode :  John Oliver on We Can Change It , the RNC's   Romney bio film , and Michael Steele .  
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush To suggest that  is not completely truthful  .  .  . is wrong .  Because he wasn't even partially truthful ? 
RNC Correspondent aasif mandvi Mandvi battles the elements from inside the Republican National Convention .  
DailyShow RNC Correspondent Samantha Bee reports on the Republican platform :  
Full Episode from Tampa :  We Built It , the Republican Platform , and Herman Cain .  
TDSBreakingNews   announces GOPMysterySpeaker Thursday .  Has the mythic Generic Republican finally been found ? 
Reince Priebus Priebus on Chris Matthews he's   the biggest jerk in the room .  Best comeback he could muster while hanging by underwear waistband
Thrilled to welcome a huge audience for the first Daily Show in Tampa !  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team's   coverage of the 2012 RNC begins Tuesday at 11/10c on Comedy Central .   DailyShow
Full Episode :  Partisan voting laws , The Best F king News Team convention training , and Rob Corddry returns .  
The New New Low Edition 
Weekly Recap :   DailyShow
Democalypse 2012 - The New New Low Edition 
rob corddry returns .  
Inside Correspondent Training Camp  DailyShow
Full Episode :  Partisan voting laws , the Best F king News Team's   convention preparation , and rob corddry 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney brings white board to press conference .  Clearly he's   given up on the blackboard vote . 
Full Episode :  Joe Biden John Oliver searches for America's   next great political prop , and Brian Williams .  
TDSBreakingNews Nevada moviegoer shoots self in buttocks , apologizes , leaves .  Nation's   buttocks declare :  We cannot remain silent . 
TDSBreakingNews Rudy Giuliani :  Joe Biden lacks mental capacity to hold office .  Biden responds , My teeth are perfect . 
Full Episode :  Paul Ryan , John Hodgman on Twilight , and three-time gold medalist Misty May-Treanor 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama buys round of beers in Iowa .  Adding , so .  .  . this should cover the whole four-year economic slump thing , right ? 
Al Madrigal and Jessica Williams Jessica R .  Williams on Paul Ryan's   bipartisan appeal 
Full Episode :  Romney chooses Paul Ryan for VP and Jon talks with Robert Pattinson .  
TDSBreakingNews  to release two years of tax returns .  One for each azure-blue eye .  .  .  Sorry .  What were we talking about ? 
A Leak of Their Own  DailyShow
Fast Feud Nation - Chik-fil-A and Social Media 
TDSBreakingNews Romney explains famous Bain money photo as a moment of humor .  // Don't worry , we burned those bills right afterward . 
TDSBreakingNews Gitmo detainees shown Fresh Prince of Bel Air DVDs .  Brings new meaning to the lyric chillin' out max . 
Full Episode :  Voter IDs , Al Madrigal analyzes an Olympic boner , and Chris Rock 
TDSBreakingNews July declared hottest American month on record .  Did N . O . A . A .  hire a guy from Maxim ? 
Full Episode :  Fast Feud Nation , Italy doesn't love Mitt Romney , and author Saima Wahab .  
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  Romney tax proposals amount to Robin Hood in reverse .  Well , if anyone can make a horse walk backwards .  .  . 
Full Episode :  Security leaks , Jason Jones as a super spy , and Tim Gunn  DailyShow
Live at Red Rocks :  MarsCuriosity's   landing 
TDSBreakingNews NASA rover lands on Mars , finds sunglasses Viking 2 dropped in 1978 . 
Romney Abroad .  Al Madrigal reports .  
TDSBreakingNews 82-year-old nun breaks into nuclear weapons facility , raising terrifying specter of a nuclear-armed God . 
Weekly Recap  DailyShow
Spoiler Alert  Olympics
Gabby Douglas wins the Gold .  .  . en Girls DVD Box Set Give-away .  FakeSpoilers Olympics
Making history , Gabby Douglas becomes the first African-American to attend a Wayne Newton concert .  FakeSpoilers Olympics
Full Episode :  Wednesday , August 01  DailyShow
Fencer indicted for receiving , selling stolen goods .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
USA Basketball's   dinner bill blows out Tunisia squad by $6 ,934 to $112 Olympics FakeSpoiler
IOC announces it will combine archery and gymnastics , to see what happens . Olympics FakeSpoiler
Eight banned badminton athletes say sport is just for fun , anyway .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
USA Table Tennis Team's   admission :  We only practice when it's   raining outside . Olympics FakeSpoiler
New water polo rules in Dressage lead to genital-grabbing , partial suffocation of horses .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Sailing teams lodge protest over Greece releasing Kracken .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Full Episode :  Romney's   foreign trip , an old man fight , and economist Dambisa Moyo .  
Nancy Kerrigan wins silver medal .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Water polo officially admits originating as punishment .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
U . S .  gymnastics team quits gymnastics to spend more time solving crimes .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Quadrennial Corporate-Sponsored International Ring-Based Sports Event  DailyShow
Great Britain wins a gold , British dressage fans riot , burn down stadium , puke .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Michael Phelps eaten by shark .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Spanish handball team eliminated for unusual interpretation of the game .  Olympics FakeSpoiler
Full Episode :  Romney in London , Olympics , Chick-fil-A and Rashida Jones 
Quadrennial Corporate-Sponsored International Ring-Based Sports Event 
TDSBreakingNews Cheney :  2008 Palin choice was a 'mistake' .  Adds , The VP has to be ready to take over on Day 1 .  Just like I did . 
Back in Black :  Lewis Black on Campaign Fibs  DailyShow
Democalypse 2012 :  Do We Look Stupid ?  Don't Answer That Edition  DailyShow
Bad Habit :  Samantha Bee investigates a band of Catholic femi-nunsies .  
TDSBreakingNews Mike Huckabee organizes Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day .  Or as Huckabee calls it , Tuesday . 
DailyShow Weekly Recap :  
Full Episode :  A**holes , Nuns , plus Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis .  
MT Rick Santorum W/ 2 of my boys , Enjoying chick-in-strips and an awesome peach shake at Chick-fil-A .  // FWIW , peach is their gayest flavor . 
TDSBreakingNews Twitter suffers service disruptions .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 productivity soars , but everyone agrees it's   not worth it . 
Herman Cain An American Presidency - Energy Policy 
MT Newt Gingrich Honored to be selected as 1 of 100 Most Influential Atlantans Like when he influenced millions to not vote for Gingrich . 
Full Episode :  London Olympics , Back in Black , and Matthew McConaughey 
TDSBreakingNews Bill O'Reilly :  The govt .  can't protect us from monsters .  Not since the Federal Bureau of Dracula had its budget gutted . 
TDSBreakingNews Muppets sever ties w/ Chick-fil-a due to its anti-gay policies .  Also didn't help that they killed and ate Gonzo's   girlfriend . 
TDSBreakingNews Venezuela's   Chavez :  Obama is a good guy .  Adding , As he's   a socialist revolutionary hell bent on destroying America . 
Al Madrigal smuggles American-style smear tactics into Mexico 
Full Episode - Thurs , July 19 :  
Newt Gingrich unveils his Shadow Cabinet .  
Full Episode :  Weds , July 18 
TV Banned :  John Oliver goes to Montclair , New Jersey to bring the show to affected customers .   DailyShow
On Topic :  Star Wars 
aasif mandvi Mandvi uncovers a far-reaching corporate conspiracy in Idaho .  A Simple Plot 
The Wrath of Cons  DailyShow
Herman Cain :  An American Presidency 
CNN and Fox News race to report the SCOTUS decision 
TDSBreakingNews SCOTUS upholds Obamacare , strikes down any chance for families to have amicable July 4th barbecue . 
The R . O . M . N . E . Y .  140 responds to SCOTUS ruling on ACA 
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth II shakes hands with ex-IRA chief .  Well , technically her *glove* shook his hand . 
Republicans express outrage over Operation Fast and Furious .   DailyShow
Mitt Romney hosts a retreat in Park City , Utah for a select group of wealthy Republican donors .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Joe Biden Romney is a job creator .  In Singapore and china and india .  Guess where Mitt Romney edits it for the ad . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney we need to make legal immigration more attractive than illegal immigration .  Two words , Mitt :  Salma Hayek . 
TDSBreakingNews Mary Cheney marries longtime partner .  Father's   walk down aisle believed to be first use of Vader March in a wedding . 
Samantha Bee considers attending Sarah Jessica Parker's   $40 ,000-a-plate fundraiser for Barack Obama .   DailyShow
The EU debt crisis continues , Denis Leary admits he owes Jon for services rendered , and author Steve Carell .  Recap :  
TDSBreakingNews Bullied bus monitor gets free trip to Disneyland .  Related :  bullied Space Mountain monitor gets free trip to Rochester , NY . 
House members consider holding Eric Holder in contempt of Congress 
Russia says helicopters delivered to Syria cannot be used against civilians .  Manual clearly states NOT recommended for innocent bystanders
AG Eric Holder faces criticism from the House Oversight Committee .  Obama and Romney face hecklers on the trail .  
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney plans upscale retreat for top donors and VP hopefuls at Utah resort .  Worst .  Orgy .  Ever . 
The White House exerts exec .  privilege on Fast and Furious docs .  Adding Wish we'd known about this before all those choom photos came out . 
TDSBreakingNews John Kerry will play Mitt Romney in BarackObama's   debate prep .  During breaks , he will play a ficus . 
TDSBreakingNews Herman Cain Obama wants to rewrite the Bible .  Already added a bunch of socialist crap about meek inheriting earth . 
TDSBreakingNews AnnDRomney's   horse to compete in London Olympics .  Winning secret :  horse will be tied to the roof of a car . 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama heckled by reporter at press conference .  In reporter's   defense , the jokes were awful . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney campaign bus circles , honks at Barack Obama speech .  Just like the fabled Lincoln/Douglas Prank War of 1858 . 
TDSBreakingNews The White House forgets to pay $55 . 58 lunch bill .  Luckily , Bernanke printed up a fresh $2 billion .  Problem solved ! 
TDSBreakingNews CNN cancels John King , 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A to be replaced with less costly
TDSBreakingNews Burger King announces new bacon sundae .  Available at participating locations while arteries last . 
TDSBreakingNews Jesse Ventura Likens GOP and Dems to Bloods and Crips .  Bloods and Crips demand immediate apology . 
TDSBreakingNews Nobel Prize cash to be cut 20% .  So the outfit that honored Paul Krugman is embracing austerity ? 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney announces small town bus tour .  Related :  Nation's   dogs hide under nation's   front porches . 
 MayorOfLondon , welcome to the neighborhood !  If anyone calls himself Mayor of Hobo Park , try not to make eye contact . 
One woman's   hair has the power to transform Ronald Reagan into Joseph Stalin , among others .  
TDSBreakingNews Huffington Post launches Huffpo Sideboob .  Because Huffpo Plumber's   Crack didn't test well . 
TDSBreakingNews Spain's   credit rating dropped to BBB , indicating Spain can only shop at Bed Bath and Beyond .  right ? 
TDSBreakingNews 6 . 5 million LinkedIn passwords stolen !  Millions reminded they have LinkedIn account . 
TDSBreakingNews Gov .  Walker wins Wisconsin recall , provides stirring example of-slash-death knell to democracy .  pickone
TDSBreakingNews Gas prices decline for 9th straight week .  Ass and grass prices still burdensome . 
What an adorable lapdog !  
TDSBreakingNews NYC Mayor Bloomberg marks National Doughnut Day .  Time to start deep-frying Big Gulps . 
TDSBreakingNews John Boehner calls election rhetoric bullshit , marking first time an orange speaker has worked blue . 
TDSBreakingNews   was running for President . 
TDSBreakingNews Polish PM demands apology from Barack Obama for Nazi gaffe .  Related :  Joe Biden having best day of his life . 
TDSBreakingNews Meghan McCain :  K .  Rove a pathetic excuse for a human being .  Rove :  Is she the white kid or the illegitimate black one ? 
Just 3 more days 'til we're back on the air .  Who knows how to un-braid cornrows ? 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney promises 6% unemployment after first term as president :  I like being able to pre-fire people . 
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Jessica Parker and Anna Wintour to host Obama fundraiser .  Dems think combo of sex and the devil could win Midwest . 
Remember the GOP Primary ?  Neither do we .  But this mash-up strongly suggests it happened .  
TDSBreakingNews Obama raises $1 mil in 90 mins after backing gay marriage .  Most profitable gay 90 mins since Goodbye Yellow Brick Road . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney apologizes for bullying gay classmate in prep school .  Explained he was just creating jobs for therapists . 
R . O . M . N . E . Y .  140 .  His voice is real .  But he is not .  
TDSBreakingNews Michele Bachmann granted Swiss citizenship .  She'll be indicting herself for treason in 3 .  .  .  2 .  .  . 
TDSBreakingNews :  Federal inmate wins 40% of WV Dem primary vote against Barack Obama Slogan :  Yes We're In The Can ! 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney on Obama slogan :  Forward , what , over a cliff ?  Next line in script :   ( HOLD FOR LAUGHTER ) 
TDSBreakingNews Russia threatens strike on missile shield .  But .  .  .  didn't he convey the information to Vladimir ?  ! 
Introducing R . O . M . N . E . Y .  140 .  His voice is real .  But he is not .  
TDSBreakingNews Treasure hunter claims to have located bin Laden's   body .  Introducing an extremely loose definition of treasure . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry says God will forgive oops moment .  After all , it's   not one of the 10 Commandments , which are .  .  .  . aw , hell . 
No one said saving America was going to be easy .  Or cheap .  Or successful .  
The Moment They Realized They Would Lose :  Newt Gingrich 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama to will talk to nation from Afghanistan .  Is he finally breaking up with us ? 
Sometimes it seems the Apocalypse is just f-ing with us .  
TDSBreakingNews Joe Biden says , The president has a big stick .  That was hours ago and he still has no idea what the big deal is . 
CNN's   helpful advice to its entire viewing audience .  
TDSBreakingNews Newt Gingrich to finally admit defeat .  Next week . 
TDSBreakingNews   says Colombian prostitutes may have been Russian spies .  Adding , Or maybe not .  No bad ideas , people . 
TDSBreakingNews Rudy Giuliani , America's   Mayor , endorses Mitt Romney gives him key to America City . 
TDSBreakingNews Jon Huntsman compares GOP to Communist party of china , in that neither liked him much . 
MT Rick Perry had the best pork rib ever at Stanley's   Pit Bar-B-Q in Tyler , Texas .  // Finally , a topic we trust him to weigh in on . 
Mitt Romney is already creating jobs .  
TDSBreakingNews Secret Service meets with Ted Nugent .  Presumably to ask if he knows any hookers . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Santorum campaign on late e-mail attacking Mitt Romney To abort it would have been a sin .  consistency
TDSBreakingNews Ted Nugent calls Obama Admin vile , evil , & America-hating .  He then shot a flaming arrow into a guitar , so , grain of salt . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney begins search for VP .  Meanwhile , Obama searches for TP after Joe Biden used it all on his mummy costume . 
When Barack Obama talks about the force of our example , he means this .  
TDSBreakingNews North Korean spin :  Cowardly rocket's   attempt to flee thwarted by Supreme Leader's   subpar engineering skills . 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama doesn't qualify for BuffettRule , making him officially poor by president standards . 
The Daily Show Election Center breaks down the science behind NewtGingrich's   speech to members of the NRA .  
More proof CNN pays just as little attention to CNN as the rest of us .  
The Daily Show has a new app .  It plays The Daily Show .  Where's   our billion dollars ?  
Paying respect to the Santorum presidential run .  
TDSBreakingNews Newt Gingrich campaign bounces $500 check in Utah .  Not as bad as those hand-drawn coupons he tried to use at White Castle . 
TDSBreakingNews Newt Gingrich suggests getting all the way to Tampa tattooed on his forehead .  Just as soon as someone lends him 80 bucks . 
TDSBreakingNews Barack Obama makes big push for BuffettRule :  Some people claim there's   a woman to blame .  I disagree . 
TDSBreakingNews Marlins mgr suspended for praising Fidel Castro .  Odd that's   in the rulebook , since there's   nothing banning dogs or chimps . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Santorum suspends presidential campaign .  Dibs on the Romney Licks Santorum headline . 
TDSBreakingNews March was hottest on record since 1895 .  Also , most bedbug-ridden . 
Obama's   challenge to Congress :  Try stonewalling THESE judicial nominees .  
TDSBreakingNews Gingrich Group files for bankruptcy .  It's   nothing another Greek cruise can't fix . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney says Barack Obama spent too much time at Harvard .  Whereas the four years Romney spent there was just right . 
In 5 Minutes :  Larry Wilmore stands his ground .  Verbally . 
Stephen Colbert wins a Peabody Award for Colbert Super PAC !  Well done , Citizens United ! 
Space-terrorist gang sign revealed !  
TDSBreakingNews E-book claims Rick Perry on painkillers during GOP debates .  Now to find an excuse for every other time . 
TDSBreakingNews Dick Cheney released from hospital with new heart .  Be sure to check the back seat , Mr Vice President !  CheneysOldHeart
Answer The Daily Show Election Center's   new poll :  Who Wore It Best :  Thumbs .  
In 5 Minutes :  Can Mitt Romney survive the repeated endorsements of his own party ? 
TDSBreakingNews SC Gov .  Nikki Haley won't consider being MittRomney's   VP .  I have to go to a baby shower that .  .  .  four years . 
Snack time is a big f---ing deal !  
TDSBreakingNews Newt Gingrich admits to secret meeting with Mitt Romney denies offering delegates for Sec .  of State job and/or pie . 
The Daily Show Election Center breaks down the science behind RickSantorum's   campaign rally at Jelly Belly Candy Co .  
In 5 Minutes :  BarackObama's   worst hot mic gaffe since he called that one intern Hot Mike . 
TDSBreakingNews Rep .  Bobby Rush kicked off House floor for wearing hoodie .  That's   the last time they give Geraldo Rivera the gavel . 
TDSBreakingNews Ron Paul endorsed by Korn frontman , which somehow makes both men less cool . 
TDSBreakingNews Kenya strikes oil !  Quick !  Deploy the congratulation troops ! 
BREAKING :  CheneysOldHeart given 5pm - 6pm slot on Fox News . 
Report :  CheneysOldHeart seen locking away documents in heart-sized safe . 
The Daily Show Election Center breaks down the science behind MittRomney's   campaign rally in San Juan .  
Go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue . 
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
This is shameful .  The model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues .  
It should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes , not the working people of Philadelphia .  
Unbelievably , and grotesquely , the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent . 
Brothers and sisters , we are going to change our national priorities .  
Diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness .  It is intelligence .  It is strength . 
In 2015 , McDonald's   CEO saw his pay go up from $1 . 68 million to nearly $8 million .  Yet 15 bucks an hour is too radical for his employees . 
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  We need a Medicare-for-all health care system .  
A win for NY , our planet , and our grandchildren .  Safe fracking is like clean coal :  pure fiction .  KeepItInTheGround 
It's   clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the Berks County Family Detention Center .  
I thank the 35 ,000 members of the United Electrical Workers for their endorsement .  
Money is not free speech .  Elections should not be auctions .  In a democracy , we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas . 
At a time when so few have so much , and so many have so little , we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable . 
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages , decent benefits , and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries . 
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country , and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in . 
We need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders . 
Bernie visited the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous address in 1863 .  
Housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently , not just 10 or 15 years . 
On any given night , almost 565 ,000 people are homeless in the United States .  This is a national disgrace . 
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are - American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home . 
The vice president is exactly right .  
Signing the Paris climate deal is an important step but not enough .  We must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax . 
The gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families .  Time to shut down the Berks Family Detention Center .  
Happy EarthDay !  Let's   work together to leave a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren . 
Happy Passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate ! 
Verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits , outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax .  Support the workers :  
This campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have .  
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world .  We can create a nation where health care is a right for all Americans . 
Sec .  Clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage , but show us a plan to get there . 
The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
I like the idea of saying , 'We can do much more ,' because we can .  - Vice President Joe Biden 
Five states vote on Tuesday and we're setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can .  Sign up for a shift :  
I condemn Principal LaRaviere's   reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel's   pettiness . 
The only explanation for Chicago Principal Troy LaRaviere's   removal appears to be Rahm Emanuel's   unhealthy obsession with taking revenge . 
Mark Ruffalo and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn , New York and talked about what it was like growing up there .  
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right . 
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy . 
I cannot think of an American hero more deserving of this honor than Harriet Tubman .  
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works 40 hours a week lives in poverty . 
Over the past decade , federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated .  Unacceptable .  
One year after Freddie Gray was killed we still have no justice .  The chants have only grown louder .  It's   time we ended police brutality . 
Now is the time to transform America .  When people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us .  
New York - let's   make it clear that the Empire State is part of the political revolution !  Go vote .  
Help make sure Bernie supporters in New York get out to vote .  
These attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice . 
Los actos de amor del Papa Francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados . 
We must increase the minimum wage not only in the United States , but in Haiti and throughout the world .  
On Sunday , I visited Brownsville .  I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis .  
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels .  KeepItInTheGround
Danny Glover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice .  I thank him for his support .  
I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York .  
The president's   immigration actions are good first steps .  The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward .  FightForFamilies
For 30 years , GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River .  We must clean it up and hold GE accountable .  
Bernie is a protester .  He's   not scared to go up against the criminal justice system .  - Erica Garner 
How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling ? 
We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness .  
Tune in to BernieAtProspectPark live here :  
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world , people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing .  
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address .  
Jane O'Meara Sanders is a soulmate and a sounding board .  I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else .  
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour .  Not just in one or two cities , but across the country .  
It is extremely sad that the United States , one of the oldest democracies , has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country . 
Medicare for all means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges . 
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms . 
New York :  it's   our time again to build a future to believe in .  
We can win New York , but we'll need a strong grassroots effort .  Let's   reach 2 million calls and TakeNYbyPhone :  
We shouldn't cut the GI bill .  Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits .  DefendTheGIBill 
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war , and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans .  DefendTheGIBill
Health care costs are out of control .  Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control . 
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support . 
Some believe it's   ok to take $200 ,000 an hour from Wall Street , but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much .  
We're all in this together .   
I annotated a speech by Pope Francis .  Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common .  
The Urgency of a Moral Economy :  Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus 
If we wake up the American people , if we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  New York , vote on April 19 ! 
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise .  DemDebate 
Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors :  Hillary Clinton - 51% Bernie Sanders - 3%
$27 a contribution .  Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money .  THAT IS A PEOPLE'S CAMPAIGN .   DemDebate
Public colleges and universities tuition free ?  Damn right . 
AskAboutAbortion this segment , please . 
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world .  That includes BOTH israel and Palestine , not just one or the other . 
If we are going to achieve peace , we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity .  DemDebate
I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people .  - Hillary Clinton Just wanted that one on the record . 
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for Hillary Clinton to get her on their side .  They donate to her because she is already on their side . 
Hillary Clinton's   plan to address climate change does not go far enough .  We need bold changes , not just small steps .  DemDebate
Hillary Clinton supports fracking .  Bernie does not .  DemDebate
Millions of people are standing up , Hillary Clinton $12 is not enough .  Let's   raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour .  DemDebate
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street .  There were none .  Hillary's   been looking into it for 70 days .  DemDebate
If there's   nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's   Wall Street speeches , why not just ReleaseTheTranscripts ?  DemDebate
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street's   greed , Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out . 
Does Hillary Clinton believe money has no influence in politics ?  Seems to contradict her issues page here :  
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  Plain and simple . 
Rosario Dawson is right :  The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day , it's   the struggle of a lifetime .  
Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit .  Full statement :  
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money .  
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
48 hours .  15 ,000 volunteers .  2 million calls .  This weekend we're going to TakeNYbyPhone Join us :  
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage .  FightFor15
We're making progress in Seattle , Los Angeles , San Francisco , California , New York and Oregon . 
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take no for an answer . 
Not too long ago , the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or pie-in-the-sky . 
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us , not just powerful special interests . 
It's   me , Bernie 'Brooklyn Born' Sanders and guess what Ted Cruz I have New York values .   
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should . 
Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's   great to be back !  - Bernie NewYorkForBernie
The cause is right and the time is NOW .  - Nina Turner NewYorkforBernie
This momentum is incredible - but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's   primary .  Make a plan :  
We need strong progressives in Congress like   Team Pramila and   Help us elect them :  
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore . 
I don't want the support of McAdam , Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class .  I welcome their contempt .  
Roosevelt battled his era's   elite .  He called them economic royalists .  Bernie calls them the billionaire class .  
As president , I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people .  
How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States ? 
We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country , but lift living standards throughout the world . 
Making women travel hundreds of miles , wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace . 
For the past 40 years , the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care .  That is unacceptable . 
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people .  They should be in jail .  
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer .  Evolving is not good enough .  We need leadership . 
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud .  
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  EqualPayDay
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap .  EqualPayDay
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Shameful .  We need pay equity .  EqualPayDay
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave .  
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money .  Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy .  DemocracySpring
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  DemocracySpring
It's   wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis .  Natural gas isn't a bridge fuel , it's   a fossil fuel . 
Right now , under the Federal Controlled Substance Act , marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin .  That's   pretty crazy . 
People should be rewarded for getting an education , not punished with student debt of $50 ,000 , $100 ,000 or more . 
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy .  It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans . 
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful . 
ICYMI :  Bernie and the Big Banks - Robert Reich former Secretary of Labor 
New York , let's   make a little bit of history .  Make a plan to vote on Tuesday , April 19 :   
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable , and will create millions of good jobs . 
Climate change is an economic , public health , national security and environmental problem .  It is every kind of issue at once . 
As president , I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House .  Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office . 
Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people .  .  .  
It's   clear that the war on drugs was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end . 
We know that tough on crime policies have failed .  Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation . 
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support !  
Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York .  We need to do more to address this housing crisis . 
Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration .  - Ben Jealous 
15 dollars an hour everywhere .  FamilyValuesIn5Words
We can't properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty . 
If we stand up and fight back , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish .  Wyoming , let's   caucus !  
That's   just a single issue where Hillary Clinton and I differ . 
In my view , we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand , not weaken , the social safety net . 
In 2008 , Hillary Clinton said that welfare should not be an anti-poverty program .  I disagree . 
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty .  That is unacceptable . 
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need . 
Families LIVING IN POVERTY receiving cash benefits :  1996 :  68% 2014 :  Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011 , households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans ;  132% for Hispanics ;  109% for White Americans . 
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from 1 . 4 million to 3 . 5 million . 
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people . 
Since this legislation was signed into law , families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636 ,000 to 1 . 65 million . 
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster . 
Unfortunately , Hillary Clinton supported this bill calling it a critical first step to reforming our nation's   welfare system . 
I called that bill an assault on the poor , women and children , minorities , and immigrants .  I believed that then and I believe that now . 
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform .  
It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage .  It was the people telling him what to do .  That's   how change happens . 
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class , Congress is going to have to start paying attention . 
The problems facing this country now are so serious , are so deep , that the same-old , same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it . 
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change . 
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's   dependence on fossil fuels .  We've gotta get our act together . 
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements .  
As president , I would formally apologize for our country's   deplorable practice of slavery . 
We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured .  -  
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven , I care about leaving a healthy , livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren . 
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet . 
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way , we're doing it differently .  
I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers .  Unions are my family .  I have worked with them for my entire life . 
Millions of people are working incredible hours - some with two or three jobs - just trying to care for themselves and their families . 
What Republicans are saying , very loudly and clearly , is that no woman in this country , has the right to control her own body .  I disagree . 
The Affordable Care Act , which I voted for and helped write , is a step forward for this country .  But we must build on it and go further . 
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles .  That's   an embarrassment . 
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign .  
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals . 
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security .  Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect . 
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the full promise of equality . 
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby . 
Corporate greed needs to end .  They're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans . 
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out , but we keep winning by large margins .  Keep us going :  
Tune in to Bernie's   remarks live from Laramie here :  
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms .  This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction .  
The major media don't know how to report on movements .  - Robert Reich 
Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's   bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage .  
Martin Luther King , Jr was one of the great leaders of our history .  We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice . 
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable . 
As president , I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage .  
Not too long ago , they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic .  Some said it was 'pie-in-the-sky . ' NY and CA are just the tipping point . 
We need a new approach to trade in this country - one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations . 
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics :  we are telling the truth . 
Let me be clear :  I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic , in the Gulf and in the Atlantic . 
My climate plan will cut 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050 , in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution . 
I recognize it's   a bold peice of legislation .  But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren . 
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet .  I've led the opposition to it from the beginning . 
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world .  It's   too late for incremental change .  We must act boldly . 
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans . 
As president , I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history .  He's   got it backwards . 
Under Gov .  Walker , we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin .  Absolutely wrong and unacceptable . 
In 1980 , Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent .  It's   time to extend this cap to every lender in America . 
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent . 
Current status of the Clark County , Nevada credentials committee .  
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County , Nevada Democratic Convention :  
Change cannot take place without political participation . 
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change . 
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay , Wisconsin happening now :   WIPrimary
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier .  
As a born and raised New Yorker , I'm very proud .  A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation .  
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough . 
The truth is that Hillary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from oil , gas and coal industry lobbyists .  
They never thought we could do it .  We're on track to raise $43 . 5 million .  Chip in here :   
I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets .  We must end childhood poverty .  BernieInTheBronx
I am very proud to have been born in New York City !  BernieInTheBronx 
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson , Harry Belafonte , Spike Lee and Residente .  Tune in LIVE :   BernieInTheBronx
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month .  Help us reach our goal before midnight !  
It's   still a long shot , but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal .  Contribute before our deadline :  
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work .  We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law . 
Under my administration , Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail . 
I survived .  I became stronger .  I have a voice .  - Andrea Zekis , Transgender Activist TransDayofVisibility 
The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country .  I believe that they will win .  
We can't have a safe and sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's   products are making their profits from Wall Street . 
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies .  I think they are . 
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe .  Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake . 
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street . 
Agreed , Jumaane And yes , we will campaign like Brooklynites !  
I want children to know that if they study hard , no matter what the income of their families , they will be able to get a college education . 
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt .  That shortsighted path forward must end . 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty . 
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use . 
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color .  Read my plan :  
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country .  It is too late for establishment policies , politics and economics . 
It's   time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency . 
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people , not going to billionaires' homes begging for money .  
The vast majority of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 students are already working to put themselves through school .  The kids are alright . 
Yet wealthy kids under HillaryClinton's   plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week .  Kids from working families would .  
War has got to be the last recourse , not the first . 
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest Residente this Thursday , March 31 .  RSVP here :   BernieInTheBronx
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections . 
From Wisconsin to California , the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country .  
This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain .  
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate .  
A job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage . 
I agree .  But here's   the difference :  I support a $15 federal minimum wage .  Hillary Clinton does not .  
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power .  That's   what I do . 
Scientists tell us we need bold action , not incremental change .  
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's   super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people . 
The sad reality is that across the globe , the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters . 
We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10 ,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity . 
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people .  Read more of our plan here :  
I agree with Lin-Manuel Miranda Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt .  
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families , especially for parents who work non-traditional hours . 
Ill-conceived military decisions , such as the invasion of Iraq , can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades . 
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years .  
Voter ID laws , discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression . 
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate ! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here :  
Together .  
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution !  
Tune in to BernieInSeattle live here :  
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable . 
Violence and brutality , particularly at the hands of the police , is unacceptable and must not be tolerated . 
Under my administration , the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands .  
A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution .  BirdieSanders  
The American people are not looking to settle for inches .  They're looking for real change .   
BirdieSanders and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field .  Meet us there :   
BirdieSanders 
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here :   BernieInPDX
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation .  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country - once the envy of the world - has been disappearing . 
We have more people in jail than any other country .  Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans . 
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy . 
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong . 
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008 , but Social Security was right there paying full benefits . 
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make , not the Governor of indiana .  
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction . 
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act .  Voting should not be this difficult . 
On Tuesday night , people waited in line for 5 hours to vote .  We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots .  This is unacceptable . 
I'm glad to see Greg Stanton asking Justice Department to investigate the voting delays in Arizona .  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world . 
It's   time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .  This law has no place in America .  
My plan :  break up big banks , close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share .  Then we can expand health care and make college free . 
As president , I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade .  We must protect and expand a woman's   right to abortion . 
As president , I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights .  
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military policy must be to destroy ISIS , but to do it in a way that does not get 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 troops involved in perpetual warfare . 
As president , I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly .  I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote . 
No , we're not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a moral objection to it .  HandsOffMyBC
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control .  HandsOffMyBC
It is time for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity .  
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few . 
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here :  
It's   a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election . 
Idaho , stand up and fight for American democracy , an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy .  IDCaucus 
I continue to stand by the President's   calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba .  Fifty years of Cold War is enough . 
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts !  
It's   important we not succumb to bigotry .  We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people .  We are not fighting a religion . 
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House .  
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium :  
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed .  We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here , not cast them out . 
Wonder how many $27 contributions Hillary Clinton got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist :  
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman . 
I believe israel , Palestine and the international community can , must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace . 
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   ForThePeople
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  ForThePeople 
Wisconsin !  This political revolution is one that is of the people and ForThePeople .  Register to vote by April 1 .  
We've shown what's   possible competing against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too .  
When we stand together , we win .  ForThePeople 
This campaign is a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying :  enough is enough .  ForThePeople 
As president , I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v .  Wade . 
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era .  
When we come together and don't allow people to divide us , we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent . 
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history . 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues . 
Together , we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare . 
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10 , 15 , 20 years down the line - someone with judgment . 
Unfortunately , what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true . 
In 2003 , I voted against the War in Iraq .  It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war . 
That starts with defending veterans' benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress . 
In the wake of that war , we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans . 
That's   money that could have been spent on rebuilding America's   schools , roads , bridges and water systems . 
When the last benefits are calculated , that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars . 
Utah , join the political revolution .  Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday , March 22 .  ByThePeople 
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution ByThePeople .  Go out and vote on Tuesday .  
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  ByThePeople 
This campaign is a political revolution ByThePeople , and we must make sure that health care is a right , not a privilege . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Join us :   ByThePeople 
No one said a political revolution would be easy .  We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose .  ByThePeople
Arizona , Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday .  We have a good chance to win if we stand together .  ByThePeople 
This is a campaign of the people , ByThePeople and for the people .   
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire .  We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together .  
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians . 
Bernie is not a politician of convenience .  He understands that the powerless need a voice .  -   
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's   border is wrong and immoral . 
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet , we must fight for fair wages for all . 
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics .  We need a political revolution . 
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process .  Take action :   OfThePeople
The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day or a year .  It's   the struggle of a lifetime .  OfThePeople 
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  OfThePeople
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation .  They ain't seen nothing yet .  OfThePeople
It's   important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see .  ofthePeople 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship .  
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain OfThePeople .  They want real change ! 
Touring the border here in Nogales , Arizona .  I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families .  
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges , not more walls .  Pope Francis is right .  
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement .  OfThePeople 
This is a campaign OfThePeople , by the people , and for the people .   
Vote for the political revolution .  GetMillennialsToVoteIn5Words
Sec .  Clinton may disagree with me , but I don't think it's   a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad . 
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah .  We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout .  
We can have differences about when to go to war , but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned .  DefendTheGIBill
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors .  
And while we don't guarantee health care to all , we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending . 
Sec .  Clinton says she got to travel the world .  Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people ? 
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty . 
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free .  I know my opponent thinks it's   a radical idea , I don't . 
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street . 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
This is why my plan to ActOnClimate starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground .   
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution . 
Sec .  Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry .  I am doing it a different way . 
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint ?  FlintWaterCrisis
Here's   a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires ! 
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us . 
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits . 
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations . 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  We can change this system . 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security . 
No one said the political revolution would be easy .  We're facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose .  Donate :  
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control . 
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs .  America needs a political revolution . 
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans . 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken .  
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system .  
Seen in Chicago .  
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose . 
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests .  
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem .  Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues . 
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign .  This is a grassroots campaign . 
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers , not just coal workers .  
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers . 
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury . 
Hillary Clinton should stop taking NRA lobbyist money .  
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet . 
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment . 
When we talk about education , we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage .  DemTownHall
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty .  DemTownHall
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders .  DemTownHall 
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable .  DemTownHall
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process .  We should condemn violence not encourage it .  DemTownhall
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois .  
The American people don't need a president who says the right things in a stump speech .  They need a president who is with them every day . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care . 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child . 
I have a message for Secretary Clinton :  We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement .  We need to defeat it .  
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time . 
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price .  
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division . 
Every American , regardless of their income , should have access to a college education .  -   
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve . 
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me .  I don't want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers . 
We do things a little different in this campaign :  We bring people TOGETHER .  BernieInIL
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .  
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system . 
Remembering Jane Lang .  We will continue her fight for universal health care .   
As president , I will govern based on principle not poll numbers .  Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests . 
That's   a good question .  My answer is yes .  
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars .  Unlike Sec .  Clinton , I have nothing to release . 
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement , not a weaker one . 
I agree .  That's   why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions .  
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources . 
The recklessness , greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history . 
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians .  We must overturn Citizens United before it's   too late . 
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement , a political revolution in this country . 
It's   unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits . 
Real change takes place when people stand up and say enough is enough , and when we create a political revolution from the ground up . 
PolitiFact :  Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind . 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people's   campaign . 
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 We've lost 60 ,000 factories since 2001 . 
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America .  DebateWithBernie 
Sec .  Clinton is arguing that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people . 
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage .  How would Hillary Clinton get there ?  UnivisionDebate
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after .  Unfortunately , he was right . 
The head of Goldman Sachs didn't give Bernie $225 ,000 for a speech .  He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street .  And he's   right . 
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders .  UnivisionDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .  The New York Times 
The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners .  - Hillary Clinton on the auto bailout in 2008 . 
Hillary Clinton doubles down on negative tactics and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times :  
We have laws .  - Hillary Clinton DemDebate 
I will not deport children from the United States of America .  I can make that promise .  DemDebate
Clinton acknowledged that , in some cases , a child's   deportation could bring them great harm .   DemDebate
As president , I will not support driver's   licenses for undocumented people .  .  .  - Hillary Clinton in 2007
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  
When we began we were 50 points behind the inevitable Democratic nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  DemDebate
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the DemDebate in Miami .  Tune in live here  and DebateWithBernie . 
I stand with Chicago teachers .  We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street .  
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people .  We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs . 
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty .  There's   enough violence in the world and the government shouldn't add to it .  
Multinational corporations making billions , moving jobs overseas , are asking for handouts from our middle class ?  I don't think so . 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right .  That's   taking care of its people .  Not more tax breaks for the rich . 
 FLGovScott , veto this bill .  Don't play politics with abortion .  
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids ? 
At the end of the day big money doesn't always win .  What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us . 
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class .  A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally , economically or politically . 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation , the wealthy have never had it so good . 
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men .  It's   sexism and it has got to end .  
This is what we can learn from history :  when people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials .  This should make us all proud .  
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns .  The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents .  IWD2016
We must ensure pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work - it's   not a radical idea .  InternationalWomensDay
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi ?  Use iVoted and share this image !  
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave .  InternationalWomensDay
This is why it's   so important that our Democratic debate moderators AskAboutAbortion .  
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  GOTVforBernie 
Change cannot take place without political participation . 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014 :  
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman , without interference from politicians .  InternationalWomensDay
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it's   Wall Street that regulates Congress . 
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick .  Health care must be a right , not a privilege . 
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change .  We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it . 
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change . 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty . 
It took Fox News to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate .  DemTownHall
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need a serious discussion about the issues . 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance . 
From the Washington Post Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout .  He even voted for it .  
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress . 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   DemDebate
Safe fracking is like clean coal , pure fiction .  DemDebate
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking .  Hillary Clinton does .  Big difference .  DemDebate
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail's   father , consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family :  
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes .  Why do they need our taxpayer dollars ?  DemDebate
FACT :  Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008 .  DemDebate 
Bernie was one of the first , not one of the last , to oppose the job-killing TPP .  DemDebate cc : 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint ?  DemDebate
At the end of the day , I will trust the people to create a government that works for them , not Corporate America or Wall Street .  DemDebate
We're glad that Hillary Clinton has finally joined us in calling for Gov .  Snyder's   resignation .  DemDebate
Children in America should not be poisoned .  The federal government must act .  No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water .  DemDebate
The governor of Michigan must resign , but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint .  DemDebate
I helped write the Affordable Care Act .  It's   done some great things , but we must do more .  50 million are still uninsured or underinsured . 
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank .  
This is a sad day for America .  Nancy Reagan had a good heart , and she will be dearly missed .  
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege . 
America's   radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class .  
This campaign is not about me-it's   about all of us .  No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together . 
U . S .  trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit , Flint :  
We've got the momentum , the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . 
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign .  There are no excuses .  
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare .  
Tune in live to the Warren , Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon !   GOTVforBernie
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America , and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance . 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5 ,000 a year . 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry .  I'm not afraid of them , not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America . 
When we talk about public education , it is not just 1st grade through 12th .  We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free . 
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   GOTVforBernie
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society . 
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need .  BernieInIL 
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people .  BernieInIL
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  BernieInIL
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman . 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man , woman and child . 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families , not billionaires buying elections . 
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change - real change - and that is what this campaign is about . 
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .   BernieInKS
In many states , it's   legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender .  We're gonna change that !  BernieInKS
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street . 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity .  BernieInKS 
Not many people know it , but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960 .  What changed ?  Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs . 
Change happens from the bottom up .  Keep fighting , sisters and brothers .  GOPDebate 
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he's   not worried because if elected she'll flip back to support it .  
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner . 
Here is a radical idea .  Let's   listen to the scientists , not the politicians .  BernieInNE 
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails .  BernieInNE
43 ,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA .  I opposed that bad deal , Hillary Clinton did not . 
I know that Sec .  Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big .  I don't think so . 
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's   free trade policies .  
If we are going to win this primary , we have to be ready to fight , organize , and win in the states ahead .  Volunteer :  
Our trade policy must change .  Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America , not in low-wage countries . 
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs - jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class - now pay a poverty wage of $9 . 60 an hour ? 
Happening now :  press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan .  Tune in live here :  
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation . 
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance . 
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury .  It's   crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world . 
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  FeelTheBern
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income . 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls .  
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  BernieInPortland
It's   time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters .  
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Volunteer to help us win :  
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman's   constitutional right .  StopTheSham 
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr 
Welcome to the political revolution , Colorado !  
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie .  SuperTuesday  
Ready for a political revolution ?  Get out and vote !  Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information .  SuperTuesday 
Amplify the vote !  Call Bernie voters in SuperTuesday states to help with the final shift of the day :  
America is about standing together .  Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality .  SuperTuesday 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on SuperTuesday ?  Use iVoted or iCaucused and share this image !  
Democrats win when voter turnout is high , when people come together and we reject division .  Go vote .  SuperTuesday 
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC , don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  SuperMonday
Wanna hear a radical idea ?  We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent .  SuperMonday MApoli
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton , MA .  Tune in LIVE :   SuperMonday
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .   SuperMonday
My opponent has a very large super PAC .  We fundraise a different way .  Chip in :   SuperMonday 
Fighting for social justice is never easy .  It is always a struggle .  Join us :   SuperMonday 
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  SuperMonday
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives .  SuperMonday 
Vote to win the White House .  SuperMonday 
Great article by Elizabeth Warren This is exactly what our campaign is talking about .  
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country . 
Tune in now to the Tom Joyner for a discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
On the road with my most trusted adviser Jane O'Meara Sanders 
Bernie Sanders can't do this alone .  We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement .  COpolitics 
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough . 
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world , not the country with the most people in jail ! 
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
America's   first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .  Yet we leave millions overlooked . 
As a veteran of the Iraq War , Rep .  Tulsi Gabbard understands the cost of war .  I am honored to have her endorsement .  
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve . 
It's   time for this injustice to end .  
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters .  This campaign is just beginning .  
It is the public - not the candidate - who decides how much disclosure is enough .   ReleaseTheTranscripts
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia , S . C .  office for the afternoon canvass launch .  SCforBernie 
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits .  
It's   time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave , paid sick time and paid vacation leave . 
What is going on in America ?  We should be hiring educators , not firing them !  
To the vast majority of the American people , democracy means one person , one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs . 
Tune in now to catch NinaTurner's   introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina !  SCforBernie 
I will certainly look into it .  21 days 19 hours 6 minutes 
I have a radical idea :  instead of having unfettered free trade , we should have fair trade protecting workers in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and abroad . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's   Barber Shop in Columbia , S . C .  to talk to voters .  
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president :  
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs .  
I have a 98% pro-union voting record .  I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement . 
Since 2001 , bad trade policies caused 60 ,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close . 
This great university is being threatened with cuts .  What is going on in America ?  Where are our priorities ?  
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .  
We need politicians who will stand with indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands .  
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton ?  
NYT agrees :  Hillary Clinton should release her Wall Street transcripts .  Day 20 since she said I will look into it .  
Join rapper and activist Killer Mike at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg .  
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  They're overworked , underpaid , and under enormous stress . 
All immigrants , including undocumented workers and their families , should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act . 
What welfare reform did , in my view , was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country .  
Let us be clear :  the campaign finance system in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is corrupt , it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed . 
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable . 
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren .  
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up .  Another candidate does not agree . 
I do not have a super pac .  One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street .  One of us does not . 
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from   We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change .  
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is nothing we can't accomplish .  
We need to invest in jobs and job training , rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people . 
It's   unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax . 
Just a reminder .  
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL .  I won't leave 29 million behind . 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina .  This is wrong and we're gonna change that . 
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color . 
Hillary Clinton believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches .  Aren't we better than that ? 
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very , very much .  DemTownHall
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , over 1 ,000 ,000 of them , 27 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street . 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  DemTownHall
My father is from Poland .  No one has asked for my birth certificate .  Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin .  DemTownHall
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform .  DemTownHall
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle :  Real change never comes from the top on down .  It always comes from the bottom up . 
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans , regardless of income .  
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us .  FeelTheBern
We can live in a nation where every person , no matter their sexual orientation , realizes the promise of equality .  
When Bernie gets to the White House , he will do the right thing .  No flipping , no flopping .  - Spike Lee 
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country .  
I will certainly look into it .  - Hillary Clinton Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors . 
The more people get to know Bernie , what he stands for and his consistency , the more people support him .  
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all . 
New analysis from   Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada .  
It's   been 17 days , 16 hours and 32 minutes since Hillary Clinton said she would look into releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street . 
This campaign is about bringing people together .  We understand that when we stand together , there is nothing we can't accomplish . 
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors .  
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville , volunteers kept calls going strong .  Join us :   
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  BernieInSC
Here's   the reality :  the status quo is not enough .  We need real change .  And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins .  BernieInSC
Racism , sexism , and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about .  BernieInSC
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities . 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions . 
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide . 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America , not use these issues to promote division and hostility . 
I am very proud of the campaign we ran .  Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election . 
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward . 
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve . 
Nevada , please help us move the political revolution forward !  
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people .  They want real change !  
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American - on time and without delay . 
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans , but Social Security was right there with full benefits . 
ICYMI :  The Clintons , when they were in office , weren't exactly friends to immigrants .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   AmericaTogether
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  AmericaTogether
Welcome to the political revolution .  AmericaTogether
Questions or issues ?  Call our hotline :  AmericaTogether 
It's   time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing .  AmericaTogether
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  AmericaTogether
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  AmericaTogether
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  AmericaTogether
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism , hatred , and bigotry .  AmericaTogether 
Under my health care plan , people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food , heat and shelter . 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract !  

Glad to hear HillaryClinton's   promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin . 
29 million Americans don't have health insurance .  31 million are underinsured .  That's   rationing .  Those are wait times .  DemTownHall
Every child in America , regardless of their family's   income , must be able to get the education they deserve .  It's   not a radical idea . 
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers .  DemTownHall 
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements .  
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same . 
It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty .  DemTownHall
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard . 
I voted against the war in Iraq .  I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East . 
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right , not a privilege . 
Businesses would save over $9 ,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan . 
We need to end prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain , in order to keep prison beds full . 
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store :   
Nevada , participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus :   NVforBernie
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy .  
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power .  In 2008 , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy . 
I believe when we stand together , when we share the vision that government should work for all of us , there is nothing we can't accomplish . 
This government belongs to all of us , not just a wealthy few .  That is what this campaign is about .  That is the political revolution . 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship . 
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make , not the government . 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty - the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth . 
When voter turnout is high , Democrats and progressives win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win . 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .  
Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color .  - South Carolina Rep .  Wendell Gilliard 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016 , in the United States of America , we are poisoning our children .  
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks , we'll need to be ready .  Sign up for a volunteer shift :  
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together .  Join us :  
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States . 
The Constitution is very clear :  President Obama has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices .  Let's   have a hearing and a vote . 
Proud to have the support of Peace Action .  
Paid family and medical leave , health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth . 
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high .  When people come together and we reject division .  Register to vote :  
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  health care should be a right , not a privilege .  
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big .  When the people lead , the leaders follow .  
Civil rights icon and entertainer Harry Belafonte explains why our campaign is the best choice for America .  
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 history at this point in a campaign . 
Every year , the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans .  We must end this most revolting practice ! 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can't afford it . 
Happy Valentine's   Day from Nevada !  
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation .  I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail . 
Our campaign is funded by the people , others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest . 
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us .  That doesn't solve problems , it makes them worse .  BernieInNV 
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group .  
America is about standing together as one people , not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality . 
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did , and lied about it to protect their bottom line . 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable . 
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls . 
As President , I will make public colleges and universities free , and we're going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation . 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry . 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution .  BernieInDenver 
True freedom does not occur without economic security .  BernieInDenver 
Higher education is a right .  We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt . 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's   family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing .  
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability , but comes through continuous struggle .  - MLK 
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty . 
Tune in BernieInReno live here :  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs ;  1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions . 
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage .  
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .  
It's   unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt . 
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse .  
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together .  It is time for Hillary Clinton to do the same . 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton's   Immigration Comments 
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers . 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows . 
I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend , and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy .  DemDebate
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense , which is the one major agency that has refused an audit .  DemDebate
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians .  DemDebate 
About 85 percent of HillaryClinton's   campaign money has come from large donors .  DemDebate
Bernie's   guiding light on the issue of immigration reform :  keeping families together , not dividing them up .  DemDebate
We need radical , not incremental , reforms in our criminal justice system .  DemDebate
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals .  Hint :  it's   on this site :   DemDebate
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people :  the United States .  DemDebate
The truth :  29 million Americans have no health insurance , 31 million are uninsured .  Only one candidate has a plan to change that .  DemDebate
We need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have got to be bold .  DemDebate
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change . 
In the industrialized world , the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty .  That's   outrageous . 
Banking should help our communities , not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy .  
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement . 
I am moved by the fact that our campaign's   financial support comes from more than 3 . 7 million individual contributions at an average of $27 . 
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities .  We need to raise the minimum wage . 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around . 
I'm going to hold a fundraiser right here , right now , across America .  - Last night , NH  
As President , let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will . 
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money , but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .  
Happening now :  Bernie on The View on ABC .  Tune in ! 
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country .  The people want real change . 
Never forget :  When voter turnout is high , Democrats win .  When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized , Republicans win . 
The media says we're going to win but we can't take anything for granted .  Please , stay in line and practice democracy .  Every vote matters . 
We've leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections .  NHPrimary 
There is no bank that is too big to fail , no banker too powerful to jail .  NHPrimary 
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change .  NHPrimary 
Health care is recognized as a right for every man , woman , and child .  NHPrimary 
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt .  NHPrimary 
Voting for Bernie in the NHPrimary ?  Use iVoted and share this image !  
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home . 
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary !  
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch .  First votes cast in the FITN . 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
This is a people's   campaign .  
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families .  
Woah !  Big turnout for our GOTVforBernie rally at   
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street .  
We must increase the min .  wage to $15 , which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos .  VoteTogether 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods 
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives .  VoteTogether
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une .  Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones .  VoteTogether
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   VoteTogether
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer .  El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo .  VoteTogether
What this campaign is about is bringing people together .  VoteTogether 
When we stand together , we win .  VoteTogether 
To those who want to divide us up :  We're not gonna hate Latinos .  We're not gonna hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER .  VoteTogether
Our job is not to divide .  Our job is to bring people together .  VoteTogether 
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation , not allow them to divide us .  VoteTogether 
Standing together , we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs .  VoteTogether 
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution . 
When it comes to supporting real family values , the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy .  When we do that we change America .  FITN 
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   everyone's   turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all . 
Want real change ?  Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire .  GOTVforBernie 
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security . 
Things in New Hampshire are pretty , pretty , pretty good !  Help us win :   BernieOnSNL
Live from New York it's   Saturday Night !  BernieOnSNL 
Unilateral military action should be a last resort , not a first resort . 
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire .  FITN 
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia .  
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win .  
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet , not hidden fees and rising prices .  Bernie2016 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs , homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street .  FITN 
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials . 
Remember :  this government belongs to all of us , not just a few wealthy campaign donors .  NHDems2016 
On our worst days , it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days .  nhdems2016 
Gov .  Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing . 
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying .  
I urge Sec .  Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security .  
Surprisingly , American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance .  We just don't get it .  
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters' ability to participate . 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes . 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time .  FMLA23
Huffington Post :  Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life .  
On our worst days , it's   fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate .  DemDebate
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants .  DemDebate
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA , I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA .  DemDebate
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  DemDebate
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get .  DebateWithBernie
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  There are no excuses .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Lati s .  We must abolish it .  DemDebate
Fewer email questions .  More questions about protecting women's   reproductive health .  DemDebate
Experience is important , but so is judgment .  And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War .  The other didn't .  DemDebate
It's   easy to apologize for making bad decisions .  It's   harder to make the right ones .  DemDebate
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DebateWithBernie
I am pretty proud that we have over 1 . 3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  .  DebateWithBernie
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance - I am the only one on stage without a super PAC .  DemDebate
ICYMI DemDebate 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again :  I believe health care should be a right , not a privilege .  DemDebate
I don't believe in free college .  -
Bernie's   education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DemDebate
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's   rigged by Wall Street and that's   the problem .  DemDebate
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail .  Big bankers will not be too big to jail .  nhpolitics 
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of .  FITN 
We need to ensure that workers have the skills , equipment , and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy . 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  NHWorkingFamilies
We're proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's   support in Nevada . 
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change . 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it .  DemTownHall
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues .  DemTownHall
Change has always come from the bottom on up .  That's   what every major movement has been about .  That's   what we need right now .  DemTownHall
My spirituality is that we are all in this together .  When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me .  DemTownHall
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans , not a privilege .  DemTownHall
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan .  DemTownHall 
Tune in to the DemTownHall right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
Climate change isn't just a problem for the future - the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now . 
Trade is a good thing .  But trade has got to be fair .  And the TPP is anything but fair .  
Some other days .  .  .  
Of course .  There is no debate about this among progressives .  
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country . 
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq .  One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States . 
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one .  Honestly , it wasn't that complicated . 
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership .  They didn't have to think about it a whole lot . 
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street . 
It's   immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations . 
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration . 
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country .  Disproportionately African-American and Latino . 
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees .  It's   Wall Street's   time to help the middle class . 
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done .  nhpolitics 
In the year 2016 , public colleges and universities should be tuition free .  How will we pay for it ?  We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation . 
Last night , we began the political revolution not just in Iowa , not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation .  
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election .  
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along :  when we stand together , anything is possible . 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible .  Don't underestimate us  
Let's   be clear .  This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people .  CaucusForBernie
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty .  CaucusForBernie
Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00 This is a people's   campaign .  CaucusForBernie 
Football is a spectator sport .  Democracy is not a spectator sport .  CaucusForBernie 
Together we can build a future that works for all of us , not just the few on top .  CaucusForBernie 
When people stand together , and are prepared to fight back , there's   nothing we can't accomplish .  CaucusForBernie 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  CaucusForBernie 
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country .  Together , we will do that .  CaucusForBernie 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts , while children in America go hungry . 
Let me say it loudly and clearly :  I believe that health care should be a right , not a privilege .  
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy .  Together , we're gonna stop that .  
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that can't get done in Washington .  Couldn't disagree more . 
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money . 
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth .  CaucusForBernie 
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low . 
Sec .  Clinton and I have differences of opinion .  Let's   debate those differences , not go around distorting records .  
Up next I'll be on ABC's   This Week and CNN's   State of the Union Tune in !  
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months .  The momentum is with us .  CaucusForBernie 
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana .  That is absurd and it is destroying lives .  
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout .  To get people involved in the political process .  CaucusForBernie
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families . 
Mankind must put an end to war , or war will put an end to mankind .  - John F .  Kennedy
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem , NH about building a revolution .  NotMeUs 
When we all stand together for justice , we win .  When working families stand together , we win .  NotMeUs 
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics .  NotMeUs
If we stand together , we will win .  If we are divided , the big-money interests win .  NotMeUs  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media .  Join Connect .  NotMeUs 
If we stand together on Monday night , there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  NotMeUs CaucusForBernie :  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  NotMeUs
Let us understand that when we stand together , we will always win .  NotMeUs 
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  NotMeUs 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  NotMeUs
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process , we will not bring about the real change we need .  NotMeUS
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president , it's   about creating a grassroots political movement .  NotMeUs
The concept of the minimum wage , was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as socialist . 
It's   time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system . 
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D .  Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone . 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform . 
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the 1 percent .  
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
Instead of cutting head start and childcare , we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country . 
BREAKING :  Sanders super PAC haul $0 . 00
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world . 
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes , they actually got a rebate .  
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
I applaud state legislators for leading on EqualPayCantWait .  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf , not a gap . 
A living wage should not only be fair , it should be equitable .  We must pass pay equity for women workers .  EqualPayCantWait
When we began we were 50 pts behind the inevitable Dem nominee .  Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable .  
Climate change is real , it is caused by human activity , and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects . 
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country .  I'd rather we have the best educated population . 
If we stand together , there is no limit to what we can accomplish .  We can bring hope to the political process .  We can make real change . 
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty . 
People should not underestimate us .  Let's   rock the boat .  IAcaucus  
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process .  Change happens when we stand up and fight back . 
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin . 
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour . 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win . 
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value . 
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire . 
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates .  Hillary Clinton has not .  Why is that ?  The answer is obvious . 
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are .  iacaucus 
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day , we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate . 
We are the wealthiest nation in the world , but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top . 
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections .  Ordinary people don't vote .  We have an economic and political crisis in this country . 
Regardless of their income , we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all . 
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet . 
Innovation and business success should be rewarded .  But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support . 
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union , it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions . 
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic , civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes . 
We must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  BernieInMN 
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInMN 
Ready for a radical idea ?  We're gonna invest in jobs and education , not more jails and incarceration .  BernieInMN 
Speaking shortly in St .  Paul , MN .  There is a lot of enthusiasm out here !  Tune in LIVE here :   BernieInMN
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future .  Join our campaign for president at  .  
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  BernieInMN 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work .  BernieInMN 
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  That's   wrong .  BernieInMN
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  BernieInMN
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person should not be living in poverty . 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace . 
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood .  Planned Parenthood is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded . 
Experience is important , but so is judgement .  DemTownHall
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction .  DemTownHall 
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemTownHall
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education .  DemTownHall
I StandWithPP against those who want to take away a woman's   right to an abortion .  
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes . 
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers .  
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security .  This woman's   story was heartbreaking .  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law . 
The greed of the billionaire class , and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans . 
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis , NH .  fitn 
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short . 
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all . 
Physicians agree :  single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured .  
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .  
Under my administration , Wall Street won't be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products . 
If Wall Street does not end their greed , we will end it for them .  
If we're going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone .  I was out front on that issue . 
Hillary Clinton says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable .  We couldn't agree more .  - Jeff Weaver 
Join Sarah Silverman George Lopez Kevin Nealon and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26 .  Tickets here :  
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division .  Democrats win when the voter turnout is high . 
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure . 
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors . 
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy , the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it .  
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing .  
People are saying , How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires ?  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  We must lift the cap . 
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications . 
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America .  We can deliver change , but not by tinkering with the system at the margins . 
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  Welcome to the political revolution .  WeAreBernie
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet . 
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs .  nhpolitics 
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus .  Take a couple minutes and listen to John's   story .  
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be clear , it's   not a war that we're gonna allow them to win .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :  
I would expand initiatives that protect women's   health , access to contraception , and the availability of a safe and legal abortion .  Roe43
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v .  Wade , resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment . 
I join with Planned Parenthood , NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women's   right to choose .  Roe43
As president , I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman's   right to an abortion .  Roe43
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v .  Wade guaranteed a woman's   right to choose . 
Despite major advances in civil and political rights , our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality . 
If Democrats want to win the general election , frankly , I think I'm the stronger candidate .  
What's   Clinton's   Secret Health Care Plan ?  
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise . 
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions . 
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road . 
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels . 
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days .  cc :  Hillary Clinton 
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Lati s don't have a high-speed internet connection at home .  They deserve a RightToConnect . 
We must do all we can to provide all Americans , especially low-income families , affordable access to broadband .  RightToConnect
There needs to be a path back from prison , including a restoration of full voting rights . 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  NHPolitics 
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us , not just the 1 percent .  fitn 
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption . 
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world .   
ICYMI :  Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game :   iacaucus
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 .  It's   time to raise the minimum wage . 
Corporate greed needs to end ;  they're taking advantage of the benefits of America , yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans . 
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer , and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand . 
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not .  RightToConnect
Where's   Clinton's   Climate Plan ?  
I oppose the Bakken pipeline .  Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels , not increase our dependence .  
The debate is over .  Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded .  This planet is in trouble .  
It's   wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent . 
In a democratic society , politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera .  We need discussion about serious issues . 
I'll be on the Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show on MSNBC shortly .  Tune in now .  iacaucus
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process .  Our thoughts are with his family .  
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service to engage in basic banking services . 
If Congress continues to fail to act , as president I would uphold and expand the president's   action .  
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action .  
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country .  They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money . 
Must read :  The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3 . 5 Billion 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking . 
We need to look at addiction not as a crime , but a health issue .  BernieInAL
Health care is a right , not a privilege .  That's   why my plan will insure every American .  
This is a campaign of the people , by the people , and for the people .  BernieinAL
Tune in LIVE to Cornel West and Nina Turner in Alabama here :   BernieinAL 
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say :  Enough is enough !   BernieinAL
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth . 
This country was built by immigrants .  I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed . 
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities .  We've gotta change that .  
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families .  
Martin Luther King Jr :  This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  MLKDay
As we honor MLK , we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America .  
Want to get on the front page of the paper ?  I have to make some vicious attack .  I won't do that .  DemDebate 
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign .  DemDebate
Bernie's   immigration plan is the gold standard .  We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness .  The New York Times 
If elected president , Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans .  DebateWithBernie
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights .  That's   why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act .  DemDebate
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
Where do the candidates get their money ?  DemDebate 
It's   amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science .  DemDebate
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  DemDebate
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs .  DebateWithBernie 
We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign .  FeelTheBern
MedicareForAll will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade .  
Under Bernie's   plan , the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month .  DemDebate
Health care should be a right of all people , not a privilege .  This is not a radical idea .  It exists in every other major country on earth . 
Bernie's   plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's   health over profits .   DemDebate
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  DebateWithBernie
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities , including in training academies and leadership .  DemDebate
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation .  DemDebate
Polls confirm :  Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election .  DemDebate 
In 1988 , Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons .  DemDebate 
Our campaign is about thinking big :  health care for all , $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs .  DebateWithBernie
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically , socially and environmentally .  DebateWithBernie
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  FightFor15 
Before we head to the DemDebate , I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the FightFor15 and a union .  
MedicareForAll means no more copays , no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges . 
My MedicareForAll plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans , including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured . 
A family making $50 ,000 would save $5 ,807 a year under my MedicareForAll plan .   
It's   time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right , not a privilege .  
Want to help amplify Bernie's   message with other supporters using social media ?  Join Connect :   DebateWithBernie
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for .  FITN 
Streaming live right now discussing MLK's   legacy :   
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including china , an authoritarian country 4 times our size . 
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us , not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires .  
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents , it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids . 
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in . 
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans .  That cannot continue . 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy .  That will change under my administration . 
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking , investment banking , and insurance services . 
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world .  
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems .  The people of Flint deserve more than an apology . 
Because of the conduct by Gov .  Snyder's   administration , families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives . 
There are no excuses .  The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's   water .  He did nothing .  Gov .  Snyder should resign . 
Sanders Statement :  Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis 
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out . 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes .  Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions . 
The reality is that Congress doesn't regulate Wall Street .  Wall Street , its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress . 
And within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy . 
During the first 100 days of my administration , the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies . 
Under my administration , Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs won't go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government . 
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street . 
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud . 
As president , I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases .  KeepitintheGround 
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands .  We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground . 
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans . 
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades . 
So , yes , we are going to expand , not cut , Social Security benefits .  GOPDebate 
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  GOPDebate
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  GOPDebate
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering .  During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  GOPDebate
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign .  They haven't seen the polls .  GOPDebate 
Marco Rubio I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood .  GOPDebate
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's   income .  BernieInHanover 
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's   pay equity .  
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages , and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government . 
We can live in a nation where everyone , no matter their race , religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality . 
In 2015 , a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago .  Public colleges should be tuition free . 
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking .  fitn 
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve .  
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham .  RSVP here :   BernieInAL
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy .  BreakEmUp
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class , or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ? 
Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis ;  recklessness on Wall Street did .  -
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking   to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future . 
Flashback :  Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008 
Tune in to   on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation .  
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together , we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose . 
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by banning the box . 
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American , regardless of income . 
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  Bernie2016
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a worker's   pursuit of happiness and economic productivity . 
We need to ban prisons for profit , which result in an over-incentive to arrest , jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full . 
Healthcare must be recognized as a right , not a privilege . 
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible . 
Proud to have the millions of MoveOn . org members join our people-powered campaign .  Welcome to the political revolution .  
ICYMI - Joe Biden on our campaign :  
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies .  DemForum
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemForum
There's   a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular .  We've gotta change that .  DemForum
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class .  DemForum
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all , single-payer system . 
If I am elected President , the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over . 
The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again .  - Jesus Chuy Garcia 
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home , we have the moral responsibility to protect them . 
If voter turn out is low , if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see . 
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country . 
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man , woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan . 
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people . 
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low , that many of their workers are on Medicaid , food stamps and in subsidized housing .  BernieInIA
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced . 
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street .  It is not the exception to the rule .  It is the rule . 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship . 
Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico .  
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders . 
I'll be on This Week in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation .  Tune in !  ThisWeek
We must also cap ATM fees at $2 . 00 .  People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM . 
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent . 
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn  
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  PPL1stSummit
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country .  We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent .  PPL1stSummit
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change . 
30 days !  Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff .  fitn  
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people .  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  BernieInIA 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave , paid sick leave or paid vacation time . 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program .  BernieInIA 
We will win in 2016 .  Not just the White House and the Congress , but Statehouses all across the country .  iacaucus 
What we're doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings .  
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this ?  
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents . 
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process .  
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth , including china , an authoritarian country four times our size .  iacaucus
Here's   my pledge :  no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration . 
What's   fair is fair .  All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage .  Period . 
If President Johnson had taken the same position as Hillary Clinton that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare . 
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security . 
Just like Social Security , paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into .  Just $1 . 61 a week for the average worker . 
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth .  That's   unacceptable . 
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
I am confident I would win .  
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself . 
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese . 
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high . 
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from . 
What I've been saying loudly and clearly is :  We've gotta invest in more jobs and education , not jails and incarceration . 
Sanders' Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation :  
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  
We've shown what's   possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires .  Time to show we can organize our communities too . 
In my view , it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM . 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall .  
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable and unforgivable . 
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada .   
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity . 
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution . 
Raids are not the answer .  We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families . 
We need to take a hard look at the use of force .  Lethal force should be the last resort , not the first resort . 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  NVDemsCaucus
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution .  
Here is a radical idea :  We're going to create an economy that works for working families , not just the billionaires !  NVDemsCaucus
It's   not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  NVDemsCaucus 
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's   actions .  Solidarity in the fight for workers' dignity .  
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory .  I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people .  
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America ! 
Republicans are waging a war against women and , let me be very clear , it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
ICYMI :  Here's   my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they can't crash our economy again .  BreakEmUp 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
Join me for a special DFA Live conference call this Thursday .  RSVP here :  
But we have something they don't have :  millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system . 
Yes , Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them .  BreakEmUp
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement . 
In my view , it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating .  BreakEmUp
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions , independent from Wall Street .  BreakEmUp
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free .  BreakEmUp
If we are serious about reforming our financial system , we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators . 
Under my administration , Equal Justice Under Law will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans .  BreakEmUp
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  BreakEmUp
In my view , establishment politicians are the ones who need to cut it out .  Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks . 
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry .  I disagree .  BreakEmUp
Within one year , my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy .  BreakEmUp
Here is a New Year's   Resolution that we will keep :  If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them .  BreakEmUp
In 2008 , the greed , recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and global economy .  BreakEmUp
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy .  BreakEmUp
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States .  BreakEmUp
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance .  BreakEmUp
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  BreakEmUp
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake .  BreakEmUp
I support President Obama's   executive actions to make our communities safer .  
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail .  BreakEmUp
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression . 
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies . 
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions .  nhpolitics 
As a result of Citizens United , some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires .  Not me .  fitn 
I met a man who's   been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's   worried about his social security being garnished when he retires . 
At this moment in history we need proven leadership that's   prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country . 
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet .  NHPSC
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages .  nhpsc fitn 
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .  
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas , not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful . 
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like . 
This campaign cannot be won by me alone .  That is absolutely for sure .  To win , all of us must be deeply involved .  
Virginia , join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week :  
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need . 
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use .  
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's   happening in America .  
At the end of the day , the most important tool isn't a test .  It's   teachers who care about the children .  
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements .  fitn 
If I am elected president of the United States , the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end . 
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people .  fitn
While Bernie is in Londonderry , volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors .  fitn 
Q .  Why is my husband's   medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada ?  A :  Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists .  
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence .  nhpolitics 
We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices . 
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps .  fitn 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve .  
SCForBernie is ready to shock some people on election day and win the 1stInTheSouth primary .  
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt , which allows billionaires to buy elections .  
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections . 
Let me be clear :  We don't have a super PAC .  We don't want a super PAC .  And we don't NEED a super PAC .  This is a people's   campaign . 
Worcester , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInMA 
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter , with an average contribution of $27 .  
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented , who are frightened , and who are living in the shadows .  BernieInMA
I voted against NAFTA , CAFTA , PNTR with china .  They have been a disaster for the American worker .  BernieInMA
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body .  I disagree .  BernieInMA
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .   
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics .  BernieInAmherst 
More than 2 . 5 million contributions are powering this campaign .  That's   what a grassroots movement looks like .  
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort . 
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's   scientific community is saying . 
Let's   better understand social and economic justice , tolerance , respect for all people and the environment .  
Let's   make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America .  
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear . 
As 2015 comes to an end , my family , staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a HappyNewYear . 
Together , we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember .  
With prescription drugs soaring , tell me how one gets by on $13 ,000 a year ?  The answer is :  they don't . 
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity . 
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system .  We can do better than that .  
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls , emails , and websites we visit . 
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent . 
I'm proud of this decision .  Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA .  
We have seen far too many people , often African Americans , who are unarmed , shot and killed by police officers . 
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system . 
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free , we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt . 
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans .  That is not what freedom is about . 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America .  IACaucus 
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old , can expect to live to the age of 92 .  A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78 . 
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 16th in the world in terms of broadband access . 
It's   important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world .  
We should be making it easier , not harder for people to go solar .  
We need a mass political movement in this country .  BernieInDavenport 
It's   unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies , while the bottom 62% don't receive any .  
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition .  
The goal of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS , but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare . 
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology . 
First snowy day in Derry , NH and out talking about ending inequality .  nhpolitics Volunteer :   
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors , we've got military families on food stamps .  Maybe we want to change that . 
To those who want to divide us up :  No , we're not going to hate Latinos .  We're not going to hate Muslims .  We are going to stand TOGETHER . 
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder . 
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights .  I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society . 
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President BernieInVegas :  
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal .  
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace .  
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us .  
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding .  BernieInVegas 
We win when people come together .  We win when we reject division ,
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation , Nevada .  Up next on FOX5 Las Vegas BernieInVegas 
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right . 
If I were elected president , the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse .  
The truth is , the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress . 
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave .  BernieInReno
When Republicans talk about family values , they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood .  BernieInReno
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno , Nevada town hall .  Username :  Bernie . Sanders BernieInReno 
Next year , four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm :  Goldman Sachs . 
Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob .  - Franklin D .  Roosevelt
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer . 
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened .  
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory .  
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform . 
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare . 
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq . 
It's   time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing . 
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas :  
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency .  Why do we tolerate this ?  
A single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income . 
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope , a refuge for the oppressed . 
Merry Christmas !  
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent . 
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make national health care sound scary .  It is not . 
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records .  
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here , not cast them out . 
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do ? 
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America . 
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids :  
When they divide us up , they win .  When we stand together as one people , we win . 
We should not be firing teachers , we should be hiring teachers .  School teachers and educators are real American heroes . 
If Congress does not act , we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families .  
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonald's   murder should be held accountable .  
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do .  
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  
I'm getting a very good feeling about Iowa .  Must read :  
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ? 
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America . 
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people . 
To rein in Wall Street , we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve .  
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world . 
It's   all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank .  NHPolitics Help reach NH voters :   
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up . 
We're gonna have some fun , we're gonna make a political revolution , we're gonna transform America .  Other than that , not much .  FeelTheBern
The second 100 days of the political revolution .  .  .  
I believe that we need a political revolution .  The same old , same old just isn't going to do it .  We have to be bold .  
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case :  
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America , I accept Wall Street not liking me . 
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows . 
I guess Christmas Eve was booked .  - Michael Briggs , Comms .  Director 
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment . 
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  And they've worked . 
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it . 
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole . 
Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win ;  Breaks Major Fundraising Record 
Corporate greed is rampant , and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer . 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate .  
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn .  DemDebate 
Addiction is a disease , not a criminal activity .  DemDebate 
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH .  This is a crisis , and we need to treat it as a health issue-not throw people in jail . 
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Jessica Hernandez , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more . 
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  DemDebate
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  DebateWithBernie
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education .  DebateWithBernie
CEO's   of large multinationals may like Hillary Clinton but they ain't gonna like me .  DemDebate 
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there .  DebateWithBernie
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege . 
Bernie helped lead the effort against Bill Clinton who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
The greed of the billionaire class , the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy . DebateWithBernie
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  DebateWithBernie
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  Invest in infrastructure , not more war .  DemDebate
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  DebateWithBernie
I worry that Hillary Clinton is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be . 
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors .  DemDebate
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup - $200 billion a soccer event , yet very little to fight against ISIS .  DemDebate
I voted against the war in Iraq .  That was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone . 
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  DemDebate
Bernie Sanders' gun record  ( 1994 )  
There's   only one candidate on stage who voted against  ( and led the opposition to )  the Iraq War .  DebateWithBernie
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics .  DebateWithBernie
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  Join us .  DebateWithBernie 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  DemDebate 
Make sure to add Bernie . sanders on Snapchat for updates throughout the DemDebate !  
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .  
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs . 
We can deliver change , but we can't do it by tinkering with the system at the margins .  We need a political revolution . 
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation :  DebateWithBernie .   
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it . 
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well . 
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
I'm on the phone now with George Lopez Click here to listen in --&gt ;   UnidosConBernie 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  Join us :  
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .  
I'm proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign . 
Brothers and sisters , let me thank the 700 ,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support .  
I stand with United flight attendants as 24 ,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract .  
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution . 
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system .  
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime . 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money , not just on elections , but for control of our media too .  
My Iowa staff is doing a reddit AMA on Saturday !  Stay tuned for details . 
I am calling on all of us in public life , including my fellow candidates for president , and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred . 
If we stand for anything , we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism .  
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages , the Fed's   decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families . 
I voted against the war in Iraq , and that was the right vote .  We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism , but we can't do it alone . 
Tune in right now on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on the issues facing our nation . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities . 
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill . 
Let us not forget :  This country belongs to all of us , not just a handful of billionaires . 
Fifth GOPDebate is over .  Like the first , not one word about income inequality , climate change , or racial justice .  The Rs are out of touch . 
Still waiting , waiting , waiting .  GOPDebate 
Hit mute on the GOPDebate and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system :  
What's   reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan .  GOPDebate
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates !  FeelTheBern 
A lot of talk about war .  No talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury .  GOPDebate
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms .  GOPDebate
Repeat after me :  We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  GOPDebate
Pharma Bro's   Latest Move Targets Latinos .  Must Read :  
Greed is destroying our economy .  What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us . 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent . 
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1% . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street . 
It is absurd that one family  ( the Waltons of Walmart has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans . 
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class . 
Join me for a UnidosConBernie tele-town hall with George Lopez this Thursday .  RSVP here :   
When people get out of jail , it is not easy for them to find a job .  It is not easy to return to civil society .  Lives are being destroyed . 
This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa .  - Jeff Weaver , Campaign Manager 
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent .  It's   a system held in place by corrupt politics .  
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies . 
deray mckesson We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore .  Read the new version here :  
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country . 
In my view , we need to invest in jobs and education , not jails and incarceration . 
What's   radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college ?  NHPolitics 
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty . 
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  fitn 
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work . 
  builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all .  Honored to receive their endorsement . 
The current federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is totally inadequate .  We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country .  We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare . 
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail .  iacaucus
A future we can believe in .  .  .  
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for .  We have come a long way in seven months .  iacaucus 
Iowa , together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement .  iacaucus 
We must make sure that every veteran in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve .  iacaucus 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well .  iacaucus 
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose .  
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues .  nhpolitics 
We are far from eradicating racism in this country .  
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well .  Time for real change . 
America's   Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority .  Must read :  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea . 
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign :   
We must work to unite families , not tear them apart .  
In the year 2015 , we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago . 
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day . 
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President .  I got into politics because I give a damn . 
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant .  Period .  No excuses .  The Confederate flag on campus must come down .  
Equal pay for equal work .  It's   not a radical idea .  
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country . 
It's   time for a single-payer health care system in America .  Bernie2016 
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process .  Please go to  and become part of the political revolution . 
I don't think it's   a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right , not a privilege . 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman , her family and physician to make , not the government . 
I want kids whose parents don't- like my parents didn't - have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free . 
We can take one simple , basic step right now :  keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Sign here :   
We need , very clearly , major , major reform in a broken criminal justice system .  From top to bottom . 
When we talk about war , we must talk about the 500 ,000 men and women who came home with PTSD , and traumatic brain injury . 
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour .  And I apologize to nobody for that . 
We bailed out Wall Street .  It's   their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free . 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids . 
In the last 30 years , there has been a massive redistribution of wealth .  The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction . 
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasn't contributed a single nickel to the deficit .  Not a nickel . 
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to IACaucus day .  Join them :   
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont , New Hampshire .  nhpolitics 
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors , 800 ,000 of them , 30 bucks a piece .  That's   who I'm indebted to .  Not Wall Street . 
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money .  I will break up these big banks . 
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate .  This is a people's   campaign .  Together , we will win .  
Let's   say it loud and clear :  Our government belongs to all of us , and not just a hand full of billionaires .  Bernie2016
This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying , enough is enough .  
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we are going to expand them .  We are going forward , not backwards . 
Instead of cutting Medicare , or privatizing Medicare , we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right . 
Social Security has a $2 . 8 trillion surplus .  It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years .  nhpolitics
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong .  TakeAStand with
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined :  
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control . 
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry .  The Veteran's   Administration does it , Medicare doesn't - that's   crazy . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All !  Click here to sign up :  
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race , gender , sexual orientation or country of origin . 
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices .  Pfizer already has a poor record on that score .  
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it .  
In an hour , I'll be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my Families First immigration plan .  Tune in :  
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
ExxonKnew about climate change before anyone else did .  Now , they're lying about it for profit .  Enough-we must put PeopleBeforePolluters . 
Climate change is an economic issue , health concern , and security threat all at once .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science .  Enough is enough !  PeopleBeforeProfits
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  PeopleBeforeProfits
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet .  PeopleBeforePolluters
It's   time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters .  PeopleBeforePolluters 
We must learn the lesson of Iraq .  American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East . 
Happy Hanukkah ! 
PostalBanking is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders .  Join me to make it a reality .  Sign now :  
In NH , Bob , a veteran , talks with another veteran about joining our movement .  nhpolitics 
We are one world and one people .  And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering . 
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should . 
Why do we have people working 40 hours and can't afford to feed their kids ?  The answer is pretty simple :  wages in America are too damn low . 
I'll be on Face The Nation shortly to discuss the major issues facing America .  Tune in now on CBS .  
If men were giving birth to babies , there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose . 
It's   time for instant background checks , ending the gun show loophole , and banning assault weapons .  People don't hunt with assault weapons . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
We will defend Planned Parenthood .  Solidarity 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt .  
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class .  fitn 
America's   20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth , New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits , climate change ravages our planet and our people .  
We're excited to have launched our new Snapchat Follow us on the campaign trail :  bernie . sanders 
We do not need a tough foreign policy , we need a smart foreign policy .  nhpolitics 
In these difficult times , against vitriolic Republican rhetoric , we must protect a woman's   right to choose .  solidarity nhpolitics
Maybe , just maybe , we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration !  fitn 
Packed house at Keene State University .  Tune in LIVE here :   nhpolitics 
LIVE on Periscope :  Tune in to our town hall in Keene , New Hampshire LIVE NOW :  
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies .  Solidarity
I StandWithPP and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences .  Solidarity
Members of congress , mostly men I should add , are trying to roll back the clock on women's   reproductive rights . 
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check .  That has gotta be eliminated . 
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1 . 25 a day . 
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people .  The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails . 
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonald's   murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign . 
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world . 
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water . 
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population - 3 . 5 billion people . 
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars . 
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250 ,000 a year .  Must read :  
Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity , it is an act of justice .  .  .  It is man-made and it can be overcome  .  .  .  - Nelson Mandela
Until we win single payer , we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer :   
Make no mistake :  The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women .  We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose . 
  for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us , not just the top 1 percent .  
We must invest in our public institutions !  We stand with   in their fight for a fair contract .  
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby .  
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision . 
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches , sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality . 
The amazing staff   can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire .  StandwithPP 
Democracy means one person one vote .  It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections . 
Rosa Parks , by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus , inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation . 
It's   absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them .  ExxonKnew 
In the world's   richest nation , we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford .  WorldAIDSDay
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet . 
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows . 
We need to rethink the so-called War on Drugs and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act . 
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta , we had a good week :  
Congress does not regulate Wall Street , Wall Street regulates Congress .  Must read :  
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change .  New Hampshire , join the political revolution :   fitn nhpolitics
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low .  Democrats win when voter turnout is high .  nhpolitics
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS .  That must change . 
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed . 
I am running for president because we must protect a woman's   right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood .  JJdinner
We need to rethink the War on Drugs and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue , not a criminal issue .  
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families , not just for millionaires and billionaires .  fitn
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs .  NHDPJJ
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change .  They don't want the same-old , same-old .  They want a political revolution . 
Tune in to the New Hampshire JJdinner LIVE NOW :   NHDPJJ
Now , there's   a lot of us - but we need to come together , get organized , and win .  JJDinner 
Let's   get big money out of politics .  NHDPJJ 
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors . 
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen , we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs . 
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare .  We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans . 
Remember :  this is OUR movement .  New Hampshire , join the revolution here :   fitn 
It's   time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare . 
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's   doing .  I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences . 
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income .  We can't leave 29 million uninsured . 
We proudly StandWithPP of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it . 
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads , bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment . 
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons , the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion .  BlackFriday
With a net worth of more than $136 billion , the six Walmart heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans .  BlackFriday
Corporations are not people .  
Walmart shouldn't be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid , food stamps , and government housing .  BlackFriday
It's   immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care .  Any health care plan must address that issue . 
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights .  
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  
We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence .  - FDR
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel .  And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries . 
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground .  Must read :  
Why are we told that it's   OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border ? 
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire .  I am very proud of our movement .  NHPolitics 
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonald's   murder .  
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right .  Let's   change that . 
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system .   
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows .  
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families , not tear them apart .  Read my immigration plan here :  
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure . 
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote .  We must engage people back into the democratic system . 
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party - just one family .  That is oligarchy . 
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically . 
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue , not a criminal issue .  BernieInATL 
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInATL 
Dr .  King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans .  
Anybody in this country , regardless of their income , should be able to go get a higher education . 
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution  
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :  
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world .  
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
I am running for one simple reason :  I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation . 
I'm not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad , but to rebuild America's   strength at home . 
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation .  
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal . 
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6 ,240 under our plan for raising wages . 
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's   important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child . 
By providing Medicare for everyone , we can save the typical family making $50 ,000 more than $5 ,000 each year . 
We should strengthen and expand Social Security .  Read our plan here :  
We need police forces , including leadership and training departments , that reflect the diversity of our communities . 
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country .  
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers . 
It's   very expensive to be poor .  2020Approach
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty .  2020Approach
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don't look and act like invading armies .  2020Approach
Michael Brown , Eric Garner , Walter Scott , Freddie Gray , Sandra Bland , Tamir Rice , Samuel Dubose , Rekia Boyd and too many more . 
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue :  the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody .  2020Approach
Together , we can dismantle this corrupt political system - one phone call , one flyer , one conversation at a time .  
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American people's   desire for real change .  BernieInSC 
Disappointed that Hillary Clinton doesn't think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5 ,000 a year . 
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity . 
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists . 
Our grassroots movement is organizing , communicating , and connecting in communities across the country .  Join us :  
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows . 
It's   called a rigged economy .  And this is how it works :  
We need a movement which , once and for all , will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system . 
The executive action taken by President Obama a year ago was the right thing to do .  It's   time to end the politics of division .  DAPAanniversary
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege . 
Join us Monday night in Atlanta .  RSVP here :   
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining the Constitution and our religious freedoms . 
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed .  Justice4Jamar 
I'll be in South Carolina this weekend .  Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access .  
I don't believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  
One thing is for sure :  the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours .  And I am sure that if we stand together , we will win . 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad !  
No President can take on corporate interests alone .  We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people . 
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad ! 
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say , enough is enough . 
If we stand together , if we build a political revolution in this country , there is no limit to what we can accomplish . 
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed , but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone .  BernieAtGU
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that BlackLivesMatter . 
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  BernieAtGU
I'm not running for president because it's   my turn , but because it's   the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity . 
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people , not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week , that person will not be living in poverty .  BernieAtGU
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free .  BernieAtGU
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money .  BernieAtGU
In my view , it's   time we had democratic socialism for working families ;  not just Wall Street , billionaires and big corporations .  BernieAtGU
This country has socialism for the rich , and rugged individualism for the poor .  - Martin Luther King , Jr BernieAtGU
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old , same old establishment politics will not effectively address it . 
LIVE now :  Bernie on democratic socialism in America :   BernieAtGU
We always knew we would be outspent , but we can make sure we're not out-organized .  Join our campaign :  
If we are going to end a corrupt political system , it's   going to take a movement who will rise up , stand together and say enough is enough ! 
Real change does not happen from the top down .  It happens from the bottom up .  Bernie2016 
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent . 
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans - fighting racism , fighting xenophobia , fighting fear . 
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats . 
As Americans , we will not be terrorized .  We will not live in fear .  
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric .  But we are a strong enough nation to say we're not going to lose who we are as a people . 
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street .  Not us .  Join our movement :  
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1% .  It's   time for a political revolution . 
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine . 
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough .  This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top . 
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage . 
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids . 
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education , not in more jails and incarceration . 
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the FightFor15 .  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage .  
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail . 
I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country .  Who said it ? 
The current immigration system discriminates against women , and has got to stop .  Women are often the breadwinners of families . 
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies . 
During these difficult times , we will not succumb to Islamophobia .  We will not turn our backs on refugees .  
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men .  That is plain sexism .  
We don't want Wall Street's   money .  This is a people's   campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people .  BernieInTheCLE
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan . 
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers . 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections . 
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship . 
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home .  
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's   desire for real change in this country . 
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds ?  
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar , entonces es demasiado grande para existir . 
Now is NOT the time for the same old , same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family and medical leave to workers . 
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other - disproportionately people of color . 
I'm excited too !  RSVP here :   BernieInTheCLE 
Tune in to Face The Nation for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people , by the people and for the people .  
The political revolution is coming , baby !  Come with us .  - Nina Turner 
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies . 
It's   not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base , excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016 .  DebateWithBernie
We're relying on more than 1 . 5 million contributions at $30 a piece .  Join our movement :   
Wall Street plays by the rules ?  Who are we kidding ?  The business model of Wall Street is fraud .  DebateWithBernie
It's   hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street .  DebateWithBernie
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .  
There's   only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right .  DebateWithBernie
We bailed out Wall Street , it's   their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world .  DebateWithBernie
As a former veterans committee chairman , Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families . 
The disastrous invasion of Iraq , which I opposed , has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS .  DebateWithBernie
Leading the world , this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS . 
In the year 2015 , we should not be debating a woman's   right to choose .  
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt .  This has got to change .  
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest Nina Turner RSVP here :  
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer .  Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo . 
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's   supporting our movement .  nhpolitics 
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice , for environmental sanity and for peace . 
When we all stand together , there is nothing , nothing that we cannot accomplish . 
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap :  
We are very humbled to have the support of Nina Turner a strong fighter for the people of Ohio .  
Bernie walks the walk .  - Mark Dimondstein , APWU National President 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income .  MillionStudentMarch
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity .  This shouldn't happen in America . 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows .  And , that must happen sooner , rather than later . 
I'm listening to the BlackOnCampus conversation .  It's   time to address structural racism on college campuses . 
It's   not just income and wealth inequality .  It's   not just corporate control over the media .  The real issue is :  Who's   gonna stand up to them ? 
When the peace treaty is signed , the war isn't over for the veterans , or the family .  It's   just starting .  - Karl Marlantes
As we look back through history , we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country . 
The cost of war is real , and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country .  VeteransDay
If patriotism means anything , it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us .  
Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors .  GOPDebate
We already have the biggest military in the world , yet veterans sleep out on the streets .  Will Republicans talk about this ?  GOPDebate
We will close the income inequality gap between the rich and the rest of us . 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government . 
Bike canvassing is one way our organizers in NH help reduce the use of fossil fuels while reaching voters .  fitn 
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married .  I strongly disagree . 
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people . 
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security .  That is unacceptable . 
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  FightFor15
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country . 
Our organizers in Manchester are working hard to build the political revolution this country needs .  nhpolitics 
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights . 
We are the most powerful military in the world .  .  .  but we must understand that war is the last resort , not the first .  
I will direct my Administration to extend humane treatment and asylum to victims of domestic violence and unaccompanied minors . 
I will direct immigration officers to immediately stop initiating deportations against those eligible for relief . 
I will expand upon President Obama's   executive actions to provide broad Administrative relief to the parents of DREAMers . 
At a time when more than 60% of Americans don't vote , we must make it easier for people to vote , not harder .  
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work . 
The American people are sick and tired of having more wealth and income inequality than any other major developed country on Earth . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
I will establish immigration policies that keep families together , not divide them .  BernieInVegas 
Our great country and our gov't belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires .  BernieInVegas 
People in Nevada and in the rest of America are fighting and demanding a political revolution .  BernieInVegas
We can , and must , be a nation in which we do not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major developed country on earth . 
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .  
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We have got to end this outrageous voter suppression which is taking place in dozens of states .  
Classifying marijuana in the same category as cocaine ignores the major issue .  
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  BernieInSC 
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield . 
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change . 
Shop for union-made items in the Bernie Store and help fund the political revolution !  
I'm proud to have the support of all of the volunteers at our Bernie Camp trainings across NH this weekend .  When we organize , we win .  fitn
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
If the Republicans can't face a free election , they should get another job .  VotingRights 
Our campaign has the excitement and the energy to win in the South and all over this country .  DemForum
People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy .  DemForum
Back in 1988 , I said it is wrong in this country for people to be buying assault weapons designed just to kill human beings .  DemForum
Dream job :  President of CNN . 
I would not have run for president if I believed that establishment politics and economics could solve the problems we face .  DemForum
I said no to Keystone on day one .  DemForum
Our agenda invests $1 trillion into building roads , bridges and infrastructure to create or maintain 13 million jobs .  DemForum
We are going to invest in jobs and education for the kids of this country , rather than jails and incarceration .  DemForum
The Keystone pipeline victory is about millions of people demanding real change .  That's   what our campaign is about too .  MSNBC2016
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ? 
Anybody who is suppressing the vote , who is intentionally trying to keep people from voting is a political coward .  
The KeystoneXL rejection is a triumph for a grassroots movement that demanded the necessary and refused to give in .  When we organize , we win . 
Our new TV spot is narrated by someone special from House of Cards .  Name that voice .  
As a leader in the opposition to Keystone XL from Day 1 , I strongly applaud the president's   decision to kill this project once and for all . 
Exxon knew the truth about climate change and lied to protect their profits .  DOJ should follow NY's   lead .  ExxonKnew 
We need trade policies in this country that work for the working families of our nation , not just CEOs of large multi-national corporations . 
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country . 
Congress cannot regulate Wall Street .  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up . 
Now that the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership has finally been released , it is even worse than I thought . 
My friends , a political revolution is coming to New Hampshire and it's   coming to America .  fitn 
We cannot end DACA .  We must fight to expand this successful program to legal limits .  A president must be consistent on immigration . 
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of change unless a movement takes place .  That's   what we're building together .  
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program . 
We must tell the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are less important than caring for our planet .  
Every Democratic presidential candidate serious about addressing climate change should pledge to end fossil fuel leasing on public lands . 
The science is clear :  we need act to keep fossil fuels in the ground .  Let's   start with our public lands and waters .  KeepItInTheGround
The debate is over .  Climate change is real , it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems .  KeepItInTheGround
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
Like many other polls , the NBC/WSJ poll shows our campaign is the best shot for Democrats heading into the general .  
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people . 
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices . 
Democracy is not a spectator sport .  We must be truly engaged if we want to make real change .  Go vote .  ElectionDay
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
I'm not a great pitcher .  But Dylan's   going from t-ball to AA and in two years the majors .  
Tune in now to Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC for a discussion on the issues facing working families in our country . 
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
In America , we have a casino-capitalist society in which a handful of very wealthy exercise enormous control over our economy and politics . 
In my view , health care is a right of the people , not a privilege . 
It's   unacceptable that , at every turn , huge companies use their power to cut wages , cut benefits and cut pensions .  Their greed has no end . 
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little . 
We need to end voter suppression , and make it easier for people to vote , not harder . 
I remember reading picture books of World War II with tears coming out of my eyes .  We've got to stand together and end all forms of racism . 
Trick-or-treating with my grandkids Sunnee , Grayson and Ryleigh in New Hampshire .  Happy halloween !  
Happy Halloween !  
As the largest and most powerful military in the world , we need to use military force as a last resort , not a first resort . 
We must stand up to the corporate interests and Wall Street to create a government that works for all people and not just the billionaires . 
Smile !  It's   time to take a selfie .  We're making some TV and online ads and want our supporters in them .  
The American people must make a fundamental decision .  Do we continue the 40-year decline of our .  .  .  
There is something very wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans .  nhpolitics 
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change .  
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act .  Must read :  
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :  
The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana .  Must read :  
In many states , it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That must change .  YesOnProp1
I don't think that people should be making profit by seeing more and more people go into jail . 
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  
Although use is about the same , a black person is almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person . 
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent . 
There is something wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent .  
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden , this country has come a long way economically .  
Last week , I called on DOJ to investigate ExxonMobil to GetTheFacts on why they lied about climate change .  
At a time of rampant violence and murder , the State should not be part of that process .  We should abolish the death penalty . 
It's   time for the United States to join almost every other Western , industrialized country on Earth in saying no to the death penalty . 
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government's   list of outlawed drugs .  
This is what I think .  And let me be very personal here .  .  .  
Which one will the billionaire class choose ?  TheirMoneyTheirVote GOPDebate 
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana , but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted . 
We must do all we can to help the 3 . 5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico improve its economy and lift its children out of poverty . 
The reality is that since the mid-1980s we have seen the Robin Hood principle in reverse .  That is unacceptable and that has got to change . 
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth . 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s .  
Yeah , we can win .  
The American people are angry because they know the recession wasn't caused by the working families of this country .  
We're going to demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies . 
We have got to move in an aggressive way to move our energy system away from fossil fuels . 
The pharmaceutical industry , along with Wall St .  , is the most powerful lobbying force in Washington .  They never lose .  This has got to end . 
Tune in now to The View on ABC for a discussion on making America work for middle and working class families again .  
Private companies should not be profiting from the incarceration of human beings . 
A college degree is the new high school diploma .  An education should be available to all regardless of anyone's   economic situation . 
Eight years ago the experts talked about how another Democratic candidate for president couldn't win .  His name is President Obama . 
We can create a nation where every veteran who puts their life on the line for us will get quality health care . 
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Honestly , it wasn't that complicated .  
Bernie is the only Democratic candidate for president who does not have a Super PAC .  He is proving them wrong .  
What this campaign is about is standing up and taking back our government from a handful of billionaires .  IDPJJ 
While other candidates may have more money , we have the people .  Let's   show them what happens when we unite .  IDPJJ 
The American people understand that establishment politics is not working for the middle class .  - IDPJJ Rally 
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  IDPJJ 
The revolution starts here .  The revolution starts now .  IDPJJ 
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  We still have not achieved that .  
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people . 
This election is not just about electing a President .  Far more significantly , it is about transforming America . 
We have to ask ourselves , Is it morally acceptable , is it economically sustainable , that so few have so much while so many have so little ? 
I worry very much that our country , both economically and politically , is sliding into oligarchy . 
In the last 30 years there's   been a massive redistribution of wealth in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Unfortunately , it has gone in the wrong direction . 
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe . 
The people in Puerto Rico should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of investors can make even more money .  
We must take on special interests and act boldly on behalf of the American people .  
A couple of weeks ago , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 government made a decision that will negatively impact almost 70 million people .  
We need an economy that works for working families .  
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .  
In the 1970s , Exxon's   scientists found climate change was real and potentially very dangerous .  Then Exxon denied it .  
The future of America is with our children .  How can we have a great country if we aren't educating our children the way we should ? 
It is time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free in the United States .   
What did I think of Larry David's   impersonation ?  Well , I thought it was pretty , pretty , pretty good !  
We must end outrageously high prison phone call charges and ensure incarcerated individuals are able to connect with their families . 
To address the serious problems we face we need nothing short of a mass grassroots movement .  Join me on October 28 :  
There was a time when higher education was pretty close to free in this country , at least for many Americans .  
29 million Americans still have no health insurance .  A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right . 
Tell me , future boy , who's   President of the United States in 2017 ?  Bernie Sanders .  Bernie Sanders ?  !  From Vermont ?  
At a time when the rich are getting richer , Puerto Rico now has more income inequality than any 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 state .  That is unacceptable . 
We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all our children .  - Vice President Joe Biden
I also commend VP's   outlining of an agenda to make college free , fight economic inequality , close tax loopholes and protect dignity for all . 
I thank Vice President Biden for his continued service to the nation and his support of the middle class . 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt . 
War must be the last recourse in international relations , not the first . 
I am a candidate who will take on the pharmaceutical industry to demand that prescription drug costs in this country are reduced . 
We need a progressive income tax so we don't have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses . 
It is time to create an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people on top :  
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of our people as a right . 
The racist signs against   in Lewiston have no place in our society .  
We are the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave .  That is an international embarrassment . 
We need to have one of the larger voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest .  We need to raise public consciousness . 
At a time when 1-in-5 cannot afford to fill their prescription drugs , we need a president who will stand up to big pharmaceutical companies . 
If the middle class of this country is gonna survive , we need some very profound changes in the way we do business in this country . 
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change , the planet we're leaving our kids and our grandchildren may not be habitable . 
Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little ?  No , I don't . 
Our economic and political systems are stacked against ordinary Americans .  The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections . 
The fossil fuel industry is funding the Republican Party , a Party which denies the reality of climate change . 
New Franklin Pierce Boston Herald poll shows our campaign beating Hillary Clinton by double digits in NH :  
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place .  
Our job must be to expand , not cut , Social Security .   
We need a rational immigration process , not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution . 
Best line of the night :   check it out .  It's   a mess .  DebateWithLarry DemDebate 
We must end programs that not only permit , but reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate . 
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change . 
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties .  This is not democracy . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remains the only major country that does not guarantee health care for all as a right .  This is wrong and we are going to change it . 
As a result of the disastrous Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case , the American political system has been totally corrupted . 
We must demand that the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes .  Must read :  
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class . 
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad . 
ExxonKnew the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet . 
Glad to see the The White House canceling Arctic drilling leases .  I've opposed harmful Arctic drilling for years .  
Our campaign is a People's   Campaign .  We don't have a Super PAC or rely on money from billionaires and corporations . 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills . 
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
BlackLivesMatter .  Those words matter .  
The latest data found that 22 percent of males in prison were Hispanic and 37 percent were African American .  That is unacceptable . 
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people . 
In my view , there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years , saw their wealth increase by $170 billion . 
The debate is over .  Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activity .  It is already causing devastating problems around the world . 
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy ? 
Going to the big banks and saying Please do the right thing !  is kind of naive .  We have got to break up these too-big-to-fail banks . 
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires . 
It is wrong to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their families and friends . 
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and the proposals that effectively address those needs .  
I believe in a society where all people do well .  Not just a handful of billionaires . 
No Republican or anyone up here can address these problems unless millions stand up to the billionaire class .  
We need to rethink our criminal justice system .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie 
Under a GOP majority in the House , Bernie was called the amendment king for passing more amendments than any other lawmaker .  DemDebate
Ana Marie Cox Only non-billionaire candidate who does not have a super PAC . 
Bernie introduced a bill to tax carbon and transform our energy system - the gold standard of climate legislation .  DebateWithBernie
Our Q3 fundraising numbers are proof we can raise what we need to compete - and we're doing it without begging millionaires or billionaires . 
The only way we transform America is through a political revolution .  -Bernie DebateWithBernie 
Join the political revolution :   DebateWithBernie
Bernie's   legislation would break up too big to fail banks .  DebateWithBernie 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers .  The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard . 
Right now , billionaires pay the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  Bernie would lift this cap . 
America should join Germany , Denmark , Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college .  DebateWithBernie
In the 1800s we made public elementary and high schools free .  Now we need to make public colleges tuition-free .  DebateWithBernie
Clinton cabinet member Robert Reich compares HillaryClinton's   Wall Street plan and Bernie's   :  
Remember when Bernie led the fight in 1999 against repealing Glass-Steagall and deregulating Wall Street ?  DebateWithBernie
Bernie voted against the Iraq War - one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history DebateWithBernie 
I believe in a society where all people do well , not just a handful of billionaires .  -Bernie DemDebate 
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders ?  DebateWithBernie
I've said it since day one :  I can't do it alone .  Join the conversation with DebateWithBernie 
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  DebateWithBernie
We need a movement which takes on the economic establishment , not one which is part of it .  DebateWithBernie
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral , economic and political issue of our time .  And we will address it . 
This campaign is about the needs of the American people , and the ideas and proposals that effectively address those needs .  DemDebate
We must recreate our criminal justice system , but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration . 
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
Think big , and not small .  When we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish . 
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend us .  We are not going to turn our backs on them . 
Join Higher Ed for Bernie-a coalition of faculty , students , staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016 .  
I have opposed Keystone from day one .  The Keystone pipeline would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet . 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it . 
We will no longer tolerate CEOs and managers who intimidate or threaten pro-union workers . 
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2 . 2% of the nation's   wealth . 
Shamefully , the TPP would allow large corporations to continue to pad their profits by exploiting some of the world's   poorest workers . 
This campaign is about returning to a government of the people , by the people and for the people .  BernieInBoulder 
Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act - very important bipartisan work indeed .  
Join other Bernie2016 supporters in thanking   for his endorsement :  
I'm excited to be speaking in Boulder in a couple of hours to discuss rebuilding our middle class .  BernieInBoulder 
Five major reasons I opposed the war in Iraq :  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  
At a time when millions cannot afford the prescription drugs they need , we need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to big pharma . 
We will no longer tolerate CEOs who threaten to move plants to china if their workers vote in favor of a union . 
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  BernieInTucson 
We want police departments that look like the communities they are serving . 
We will not tolerate CEOs who fire workers for exercising their constitutional right to form a union . 
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class , we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country . 
My view is that a woman has the right to make decisions regarding her own body , not the United States government . 
Social Security has not contributed one dime to the national debt or deficit .  
Three major drug companies made $45 billion in profit last year .  That's   obscene when millions of people can't afford drugs . 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families . 
We need to move away from using war as a means to end problems . 
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake . 
Many Republicans claim Social Security is going broke .  They are dead wrong .  
It's   WRONG to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their friends and families .  Plain and simple . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now . 
We must provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country .  We cannot turn our backs on them .  
In many cities all over our country , the incentives for policing are upside down .  
The TPP will make it easier for multinational corporations to degrade the global environment .  We must defeat it .  
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  TPP
Together we must end the distinction of the United States having more people in jail than any other country .  CHCI 
I am honored to be speaking at the CHCI Presidential Forum .  2015HHM 
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system . 
Interested in working with Bernie 2016 ?  We're hiring across the country .  Join the political revolution :  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy . 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment , not one which is part of it . 
The more we raise public consciousness in this country the better we do and the better our nation does .  
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers . 
The TPP wouldn't just hurt American jobs and lower wages .  It poses a major threat to our environment as well .  StopTPP
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions , not harder .  
Our campaign is the best suited to beat Republicans in key states in a general election .  
De cada cinco estadounidenses , aproximadamente uno no puede llenar su receta por culpa de los altos costos . 
New polls confirm what we've known for a long time -- we can win in both the primary and general elections .  
As a kid I learned , in many , many ways , what lack of money means to a family .  That's   a lesson I have never forgotten . 
New NBC poll shows we're a better fit to beat the Republicans in key swing states .  
Wall Street cannot continue to be an island unto itself , gambling trillions while expecting the public to bail it out . 
Wall Street and big corporations just won a big victory .  Now it's   on us to stop the TPP from becoming law .  StopTPP 
We need to demilitarize local police departments so that they do not look like occupying armies . 
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs .  StopTPP
It is time to stop letting multi-national corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense .   StopTPP
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again :  
We need to end the tragic reality that a disproportionate number of those who are in jail are Hispanic and African American . 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish .  But when we're divided , the big money interests will always win . 
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement . 
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration . 
It's   time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve . 
I am asking people to be part of a political revolution to transform our country economically , politically , socially and environmentally . 
Boston , welcome to the political revolution .  BernieInBoston 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity for women !  BernieInMA 
Let me be as clear as I can be :  I don't have a super PAC , I don't want a super PAC , and I don't NEED a super PAC .  
Bernie is that rare politician that says what he means and means what he says .  - Bill McKibben BernieInMA 
There is a lot of enthusiasm here in Boston , MA !  BernieInMA 
We must get private companies out of immigration detention and end the absurd quota on ICE to fill at least 34 ,000 beds on any given day . 
Looks like Springfield , MA is ready for a political revolution .  BernieInMA 
58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent .  BernieInMA 
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests . 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year .  It's   time for a change . 
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut .  They are dead wrong . 
This campaign is driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination . 
All of these ideas , I knew in my heart , would resonate with the American people .  .  .  .  
What the Pope is saying in so many words is there is something very wrong in this world when so few have so much and so many have so little . 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders or anyone else .  This campaign is about the needs of the American people who are hurting . 
Women will live 12 years longer in Marin County , CA than in Perry County , KY .  The reason ?  One county is wealthy , the other is poor . 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together . 
We have got to end the tragic reality that the United States of America has more people living in jail than any other country . 
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt . 
That is the nation we can build together .  Join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top . 
The right has claimed the mantle of family values for far too long .  
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward , not just a dark corner to hide in . 
Change takes place when people , by the millions , determine that the world they see in front of them is not the world that should be . 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy .  Must read : 
Big sale in the Bernie Store !  25% off all orders with discount code Twitter25 .  Shop now :  
Every other major country on earth regulates the price of prescription drugs .  We don't .  That has got to end .  
Check it out !  Our friends Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield stopped by for a visit :  
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top one percent .  Corporate greed is destroying our economy . 
If we don't allow our opponents to divide us , if we stand together and are united , there is nothing that we cannot accomplish . 
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status . 
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media . 
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world , not one of the lowest . 
I StandWithPP .  These attacks come from those who simply don't believe women have a right to control their own bodies .  I disagree .  PinkOut
Change never takes place from the top down .  It always takes place from the bottom up .  
The Establishment may not be happy to hear it , but this campaign is on the move - and on the road to victory . 
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs .  That's   just a fact .  We are getting ripped off left and right . 
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug . 
Unlike virtually every other campaign , we don't have a Super PAC which collects money from billionaires and corporations . 
In many states , it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender .  That is wrong and must end . 
We live in the one of the wealthiest countries on earth , yet children go hungry and veterans sleep out on the streets . 
It's   time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty , not keep them in it . 
It's   time to end the morally repugnant practice that is profiting from imprisoning people .  - Mason City , IA 
Private prison corporations and their affiliates do everything they can to make a buck off people in prison-and their families . 
I'm profoundly disgusted by the racism addressed at the 11 million undocumented people in this country .  
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip , not reckless personal attacks or character assassination . 
American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections or trying to buy elections .  
Congress does not regulate Wall Street ;  Wall Street regulates Congress .  But the time has come to say enough is enough ! 
We're not going to be breaking up families .  We're going to be uniting families .  
As President , my trade policies will break that cycle of agreements that enrich the few at the expense of working people . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it .  
Climate change is a planetary crisis .  We have to act now , and we have to act boldly . 
Enough is enough .  
Through good times and bad , Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American .  
Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit .  It is the most successful government program in our nation's   history . 
We need to provide a way out of jail back into society and we need to take a hard look at the war on drugs . 
We must provide legal status to the undocumented .  We need comprehensive immigration reform , and we need a path towards citizenship . 
There are some 11 million undocumented people in this country , living in fear of deportation and often exploited economically . 
Can't Jeb Bush and the GOP run a campaign without attacking African Americans , Latinos , Muslims or other people ? 
Pathetic .  Jeb Bush wants more tax breaks for his billionaire friends while cutting help for working people .  
In my view , health care is a right and not a privilege .  
We should expand DACA to include the parents of citizens , parents of legal permanent residents , and the parents of DREAMERs . 
Imposing an excise tax on health plans would be a disaster for millions of middle class Americans .  Must Read :  
This is a party whose ideology is way out of touch with the American people . 
It appears that even a conservative speaker like John Boehner is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House . 
America must defend freedom at home and abroad , but we must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action . 
If a bank is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Period .  
What the pope has been saying in a very profound and deep way is that casino-type capitalism is causing devastating problems . 
We must hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable when they defraud the American people .  
I knew from an early age which side I am on 
I oppose tying comprehensive immigration reform to unrealistic and unwise border patrol proposals like the building of a border fence . 
In citing Dorothy Day , the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world . 
Join me on MSNBC's   Andrea Mitchell for a discussion on Pope Francis' address to Congress . 
The pope is right in saying all of us must address the grotesque income and wealth inequality we are seeing throughout the world . 
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West 
Thousands of people die every single year because they don't have health insurance .  But the media doesn't cover that .  That ain't big news . 
No one , in my view , should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars .  We must put an end to this shameful industry . 
We have the moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels .  
The United States is experiencing a major human tragedy .  We have more people in jail than any other country on earth .  
America is a nation of immigrants and we should pursue policies that recognize the value of our immigrant brothers and sisters . 
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans .  
Access to health care is a human right , and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs .  
The debate is over .  Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet .  
Time .  .  .  seems to be running out ;  we are not yet tearing one another apart , but we are tearing apart our common home .  -
I'll be on All In w/Chris Hayes coming up on MSNBC Tune in ! 
In America , we should be celebrating our democracy and participating in the political process .  Register to vote :  
These organizing efforts we've seen sprouting across the country are nothing short of extraordinary .  FeelTheBern 
I'm glad that Hillary Clinton finally has made a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline and I welcome her opposition . 
I welcome Pope Francis to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  It is important for all of us to understand fully his call for social and economic justice .  PopeinUS
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians . 
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies . 
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 per cent of the American people .  That is profoundly wrong . 
This should not be happening in the United States of America - but it is .  Must read :  
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed , and the worship of money , is not what human existence should be about . 
Coming up next !  I'll be on the The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore Tune in now .  
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody . 
Saw the GOP debate .  They forgot to tell us when Bush left office our financial system was on the verge of collapse .  
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country . 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war . 
We need a movement that takes on the political establishment , not one that is part of it .  
This is a people's   campaign and we will win or lose based on the support we get from working people and the middle class . 
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth . 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick .  BernieatUNH 
People should be elected to office based on their ideas , not their religion or the color of their skin . 
It took us too long to overcome the prejudice against electing a Catholic or an African-American president . 
I am very disappointed that Dr .  Carson would suggest that a Muslim should not become president of the United States . 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
One of my highest priorities has been ensuring that our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned .  
We must continue the fight to strengthen the Postal Service .  
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people in our country . 
Instead of cutting benefits for our veterans , we must ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share . 
We have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who put their lives on the line to defend us .  
We will win because we are going to create an unprecedented grass-roots movement for real change in this country .  
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
We will win in 2016 based on the support we get from working people and the middle class .  nhpolitics 
I know which side I am on .  I am a proud progressive , prepared to stand with the working families of this country .  nhpolitics
Looking forward to speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention nhpolitics NHDems2016 
I don't support the agenda of corporate America or the billionaire class .  
Coming up !  Catch me on the The Late Show for an interesting discussion !  
The debate is over .  Climate change is real and caused by human activity .  It's   already causing devastating problems around the world . 
Private prisons are not cheaper , they are not safer , and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state . 
Over 125 Artists , Musicians and Cultural Leaders unite for Bernie !  See the list and join us at 
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections . 
Congress bailed out Wall St .  because it was too big to fail .  In my view , if a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  Break 'em up . 
Let's   stop the racism .  Let's   stop the xenophobia . 
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  And what this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree .  
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together . 
Like any other public official , when a police officer breaks the law , that officer must be held accountable . 
The American people are sick and tired of politics as usual and negative campaigning .  
Health care as a right is is not utopian .  It is not 'high in the sky' thinking .  In fact , every other major country already does it . 
We have got to end the private prison racket in America . 
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration .  
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say . 
We take from the poor and we give to the rich - that is the Republican philosophy . 
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America !  
Does anyone know .  .  .  when will this debate finally end ?  DebateWithBernie
What about the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United allowing billionaires to fund Jeb Bush and the others .  DebateWithBernie
Just what we need .  More neocon policies to continue the Bush legacy .  DebateWithBernie
Bernie Sanders That was sarcasm , by the way . 
Yup .  Bush was a great president .  Yes .  No doubt .  Great president .  All Obama's   fault .  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush - yes .  Let's   continue the great ideas that got us into Iraq .  Fine idea .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Okay .  Let's   vote for Reagan .  Sounds better than any of these guys .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
The American people overwhelmingly want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Too bad , the Republicans don't .  DebateWithBernie
Dr .  Rand Paul - wrong .  We've lost millions of jobs because of our disastrous trade policies .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of great inequality , there isn't one R on stage who doesn't think we should give huge tax brks to billionaires .  DebateWithBernie
Jobs .  Let's   talk George W .  Bush and trickle down economics .  When he left office , we were losing 800k a month .  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Vast majority understand we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage .  Is there any R who agrees ?  Will they discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Anyone on the stage , maybe just maybe , think we might want to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship ?  Anyone ? 
Rich get richer .  Median fmly income $5k less than in 1999 .  One of the highest rates of childhood poverty .  Any discussion ?  DebateWithBernie
Rich get richer .  Everyone else gets poorer .  And all these guys can talk about is war and defunding Planned Parenthood .  DebateWithBernie
Waiting , waiting , waiting .  Will we hear anything about racial justice , income inequality or making college affordable ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anyone on that stage believe the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies ?  Anyone ?  DebateWithBernie
Does anybody on the stage believe that our gay brothers and sisters have the same rights as the rest of us ?  Anybody ?  DebateWithBernie
War , war , war .  When do we get to their other major priority :  tax breaks for billionaires ?  DebateWithBernie
Can these guys talk about anything other than their desire to go to war ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will they ever talk about climate change as a foreign policy issue ?  Or talk about it all ?  DebateWithBernie
Gee .  How come these guys are not talking about the great success of Bush's   foreign policy and the war in Iraq ?  DebateWithBernie
Now we're really getting to the Republican talking points .  More money for war and confrontation .  DebateWithBernie
Kasich :  Let's   get to issues .  How about income inequality , climate change and childhood poverty ?  Think they'll discuss ?  DebateWithBernie
Rubio knows California has a drought .  Will he have the courage to connect that to climate change or reject the science ?  DebateWithBernie
As a result of Citizens United , billionaires are now controlling our politics .  Will any R support the overturn ?  Let's   see .  DebateWithBernie
Live-tweeting the debate starting now .  DebateWithBernie 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
I hope Americans don't forget that when President Bush left office we were hemorrhaging 800 ,000 jobs a month . 
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net .  We can't let them . 
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run . 
We stand with MoveOn . org against attacks by David Brock , head of HRC super PAC .  
When workers have unions , they have a clear path to getting health care , sick days , basic safety precautions , and better pay . 
It's   time to break up the banks .  Their casino-style gambling has helped divert 99 percent of all new income to the top one percent . 
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq .  I listened carefully , and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war . 
Some of these people have marched , incredibly , with the NAACP for a thousand miles .  JusticeSummer 
We are a few steps from Arlington Cemetery where people fought and died for democracy , not to make it harder to vote .  
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe . 
Overall health spending would go down by nearly $5 trillion under a Medicare-for-all program .  Plus we'd save thousands of lives . 
Virtually every campaign for president has a super PAC funded by millionaires or billionaires .  Not me . 
Our nation spends more than any other on health care .  We could be saving a lot of that money if we switched to a Medicare-for-all system . 
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little .  
It is not utopian thinking to say that every man , woman and child should have access to health care as a right . 
We are going to fight tooth and nail Republican efforts to suppress the vote .  BernieInVA
We have got to recognize that the United States has a major jobs crisis and that is why we need a major jobs program .  BernieInVA
The Republican candidates are saying that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't have the right to get married .  I disagree .  BernieInVA
It's   a shame that we have more people in jail than any country on the planet - including communist china .  BernieInVA
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , and not to a handful of billionaires .  BernieinVA
Workers have the constitutional right to form unions , collectively bargain and participate in the political process .  
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war . 
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country ?  
It is harder , but not less important , to try and communicate with those who do not agree with us on every issue . 
Tune in for my remarks at the Liberty University Convocation here :  
It is important for those with different views in our country to engage in civil discourse .  
Too much attention is paid to political gossip and polls , not enough attention paid to the needs of working families . 
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed . 
Word of the day :  enthusiasm .  
We're going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  BernieinNC 
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right !  
There is a very profound disgust in this country at our current campaign finance system . 
The more people get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  -Michael Briggs , Comms Director 
We should not have more people in jail than any other country .  We should have the best educated population .  
War Should Be the Last Option :  Why I Support the iran Deal 
 .  .  . why I am opposed to giving the President a blank check to launch a unilateral invasion of Iraq .  Must read :  
It's   not a terribly radical idea that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BernieinSC 
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty .  
What I love about brother Bernie is that he is a brother of integrity and honesty and decency .  - Cornel West 
Get in on the love train .  That's   what Bernie Sanders' campaign is .  - Cornel West 
I'm looking forward to discussing the major issues facing our nation with Cornel West this weekend in SC BernieinSC 
Looking for the latest campaign news , updates and progression ?  Visit Democracy Daily :  
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure .  I plan to do just that . 
Brothers , we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women doing the same work get the same salaries .  
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this country are not living in poverty . 
We are in need of a political revolution that says a billionaire class can't have it all .  Bernie2016
The crowd is starting to build up in Atlanta .  It's   clear to me that the message is resonating across the country .  
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States of America has gone up by more than 90% since 2002 . 
One out of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription .  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free .  
What democracy is about is knocking on people's   doors and sitting down and talking to them face to face .  
Wall Street's   greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since Great Depression . 
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward . 
We've gotta fight for a vibrant democracy , and for an economy that works for all people and not just a handful of wealthy people . 
The American middle class , for the last 40 years , has been disappearing . 
We have got to do something bold about college tuition and debt .  We bailed out Wall Street , now it's   Wall Street's   time to help us out . 
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug .  
We have the lead in Iowa !  Help us keep up the momentum .  
I don't have a SuperPAC .  I'm not gonna take money from billionaires .  I don't want their money .  - on The Situation Room 
The United States and the world have to be deeply committed to trying to bring stability to these countries stricken with refugee crises . 
Tune in to The Situation Room now for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  
Not only will I fight to protect working families , we're going to build a movement of millions who are prepared to stand up and fight back . 
Brothers and sisters :  Now is not the time for thinking small .  Enough is enough .  This nation and its government belong to all of the people . 
Last year , 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it . 
What good is it to live in the richest country on earth , if so many of our people cannot afford medications that could save their lives ? 
Corporations should not be allowed to lobby federal , state , and local governments to lock up as many people as possible . 
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement .  iranDeal
If the American people are not prepared to fight back , the dismantling of Social Security could begin in the very near future . 
Those who have made every effort to thwart the diplomatic process , are the same who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq . 
I voted against the war in Iraq .  Sadly , much of what I feared in fact did happen .  I do not want to see it happen again .  iranDeal
Photo Gallery :  The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
Between our government's   unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud , it's   no wonder drug prices are out of control . 
We must end the mandatory quota of immigrants detained and require ICE to improve monitoring of detention facilities .  
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don't just want to cut Social Security , they want to eliminate Social Security . 
We need bold change in our criminal justice system .  A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings . 
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy . 
As a nation , our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration .  
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth .  
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :  
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it . 
A significant reason for the growing inequality in our economy is that the rights of workers to collectively bargain have been undermined . 
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world - by far . 
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty .  The current federal minimum wage is starvation pay and must become a living wage . 
Working people and their unions fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class . 
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top , while millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages .  
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country , and not just the 1 percent . 
It's   a beautiful day out for our Concord , NH campaign office opening .  
What makes our campaign different is we're doing this at the grassroots .  
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave to workers .  
This Labor Day let's   also honor the men and women who have fought for the rights of working people .  
The security and strength of a union job means that workers can have good pay , health care , and a voice at work . 
Since I have been an elected official , I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power , and to take on the ruling class . 
Against overwhelming odds , the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better .  
I believe that at the end of the day when people come together , when people are united there is nothing , nothing , nothing that can stop us . 
The only way we win this thing is when people come together .  They have the money , they have the power , but we have the people . 
Our job , as Americans , is to lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency . 
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet in a habitable way for our children and our grandchildren . 
Not only do we need to overturn Citizens United , but we also need to move to public funding of elections . 
Over 100 years ago , workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week .  100 years later we still have not achieved that . 
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago . 
Must Read :  This country is made of all types of people not just the billionaires . -   
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  Equal pay for equal work . 
We must take corporations out of profiteering from jailing people across America .  
High gasoline prices have less to do with supply and demand and more to do with Wall Street speculators driving prices up .  Enough is enough . 
Being out on a picket line and standing with workers is something I have been doing for my entire life .  
The sounds of tribal music and drums filled a school gymnasium at the Meskwaki settlement .  
Everybody knows that's   greed and everybody knows that greed is destroying the United States of America .  
Capping day two of a beautiful three-day swing through Iowa at a town hall at Coe College in Cedar .  .  .  
When only the wealthy were allowed to vote , the trade union movement was successful in demanding universal suffrage .  
Want to work with Bernie 2016 ?  We're looking for organizers in various states across the country !  Apply here :  
I'm honored to be speaking at the Meskwaki Nation Settlement to discuss the major issues facing our country .  
Before Social Security was established 75 years ago , more than half of our elderly population lived in poverty . 
A single-payer system will be good for the average American , good for businesses , good for workers and good for our overall economy . 
We're excited to welcome Lilia Chacon to serve as press secretary in Iowa .   
The American people must demand that their elected officials start protecting the interests of working families , not wealthy contributors . 
Political consciousness is extremely low in this country-that's   a simple fact .  We're trying to change that .  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty . 
A strong democracy - one that counts every vote - is fundamental to who we are as Americans .  - Larry Cohen .  
I support the NAACP's   call for justice .  The Court turned back the clock on equality by striking a key provision of the Voting Rights Act . 
Fifty years after the Voting Rights Act , it shouldn't be necessary to rally for our right to vote , but it is .  
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  I've talked to too many wounded veterans .  War should be the last resort .  iacaucus
People fought and died to allow ordinary people to make the decisions - not billionaires or millionaires .  iacaucus
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
People shouldn't have to go without the medication they need just because their elected reps .  aren't willing to challenge the drug industry . 
Each and every year corporations and the wealthy are avoiding more than $100 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 taxes by sheltering their income offshore . 
Republicans know that if they speak up , their contributions from the Koch brothers and big energy will be cut .  
In my view , Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors . 
Establishment politics , establishment economics and establishment media simply are not working for the American people . 
We must not only enact a national health care program , but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody . 
Keystone XL would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet . 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Endorse Bernie's   plan to take on Wall Street , break up the big banks , and restore sanity to our financial system .  
The typical middle class family has seen its income go down by nearly $5 ,000 since 1999 after adjusting for inflation . 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick . 
We must demand transparency from drug companies , who have concealed the true cost of their research and development .  
Since the implementation of NAFTA , almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced .  
Supporters of NAFTA told us that this it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true .  
Help Bernie Close the Gap in Iowa :   
Virtually every pharmaceutical company in America has either been convicted of fraud or has reached a settlement .  
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class that they cannot have it all . 
Our drug costs are out of control because that's   the way the pharmaceutical companies want it .  
Tune in to MSNBC for a discussion with Andrea Mitchell happening now . 
People don't like the idea that politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Must Read :  Hurricane Katrina and Bernie Sanders :  From Neoliberal Disaster to 'Political Revolution' 
American democracy is one person , one vote - with every citizen having an equal say - and no voter suppression .  
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money .  
This country and our government belong to all of us , not just a handful of very wealthy people .  Bernie2016
We can live in a country where every parent can have quality and affordable childcare .  Bernie2016 
Breaking :  New Iowa poll shows Bernie gaining ground on Clinton and within the margin of error .  Visit 
The more Iowans get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for .  
Despite advances in civil and political rights , our country has a long way to go in addressing gender inequality .  
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families , not just the CEOs of large corporations . 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life , that is not family values .  
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement .  Bernie2016 
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
The crowd going wild ten minutes before the speech begins in front of The Democrats at Dems15 .  
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
Meanwhile , Wal-Mart pays workers' such low wages that many of them qualify for food stamps , Medicaid , and other forms of gov't assistance . 
Must Read :  NYT Editorial -Bernie Sanders's   Small-Beer Donors in the Big Money Casino 
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate . 
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes . 
We are going to practice Democracy .  I know , it's   a pretty radical idea but what the heck .  
Every man , woman , and child is entitled to health care .  That right exists in virtually every other major country and it's   time to join them . 
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America .  I intend to introduce legislation to do just that . 
The cost of war is real .  It is terrible .  And it should be the last resort . 
Since 2001 , nearly 30 percent of manufacturing jobs in this country have disappeared and over 60 ,000 factories have been shut down . 
Most of the jobs gained since 2009 pay low wages .  However , most of the jobs lost during the recession were jobs that paid up to $21 an hour . 
In my view , If a bank is too big to fail , it's   too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line .  Bernie2016
When it comes to the rights of women , we cannot go backwards .  We have got to go forward .  
Mothers must be able to spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks and months of life .  Must read :  
58% of the new income generated in this country from 2009-2014 went to the top one percent .  
The typical middle class American family made less last year than it did 26 years ago .  
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be . 
It's   time to expand Medicare to all Americans .  Bernie2016 
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies make national health care sound scary .  It's   not . 
To win the important environmental victories we so urgently need , it will take a coordinated grassroots movement .  Join us .  Bernie2016
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground , and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately .  Bernie2016
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed , paid parental leave .  We must guarantee these benefits . 
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home .  
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself , benefiting only the wealthy while using our money to get rich .  That ends when I am president . 
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again .  Bernie2016
This campaign resonates with Americans all over this country because we're talking about issues that deal with the middle class .  Bernie2016
We need a revolution in the way the United States fund higher education .  Bernie2016 in Littleton , NH 
When people come together , we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers , Goldman Sachs executives , or anyone else . 
The story of immigrants is the story of America , a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  As president , I will :  
Some corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes , while billionaire hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than teachers . 
Average female workers earned $1 ,337 less in 2013 than they did in 2007 .  We have got to change this .  Bernie2016 
Americans bailed out the recklessness of Wall Street .  It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class !  
Now is the time to think big .  BernieinReno 
Our tax system is wildly unfair - rigged to benefit the very rich .  Corporations earning billions in profits stash their money in tax havens . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities .  
What we see across the nation , and in Conway , NH , is that this campaign is resonating with millions of Americans .  
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty , the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well .  
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy .  We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance . 
For the past 40 years , Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth to the richest among us . 
In my view , corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars .  Bernie2016
Since the formation of our nation , the trade union movement has always led the fight to improve the quality of life for all Americans . 
Our job together is to create an economy that works for working families and not just the people on top .  Bernie2016
There needs to be a path back from prison .  We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated . 
Happening now :  Town Hall in Salem , NH .  Bernie2016 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn't guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave .  
We cannot bring about the kind of change that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution .  Bernie2016
When we think big we are thinking of America leading the world in transforming our energy system and fighting climate change .  Bernie2016
As president nobody will fight harder to end institutional racism and reform our broken justice system .  Bernie2016 
This is the nation we can build together .  Build a future that works for all of us , and not just the few on top .  Bernie2016 BernieinSC
We must make sure that voter registration is automatic not just another hurdle for people to excercise their constitutional right to vote . 
This issue of childhood poverty impacts every race and we've got to stand together to change it .  
Voters ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  Bernie2016 
The time has come for the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to join every major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all . 
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple - that no full-time worker should live in poverty . 
I have introduced legislation that would make every public college in America tuition-free .  BernieinSC 
We do not have a super PAC .  We do not want the money of corporate America .  This is a people's   campaign .  Bernie2016 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard .  Bernie2016
The time has come for a Medicare-for-All single-payer health care program .  Bernie2016
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only immoral , it is economically unsustainable .  
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life that is not a family value .  
A job should lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  Bernie2016 
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America !  Bernie2016
At the end of the day money doesn't always win .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree with us .  Bernie2016
Most of the major Wall Street institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail are now bigger than they used to be . 
TBT to 1974 :  No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken .  
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance . 
Wall Street's   dangerous manipulation of our economy has helped divert most of all new income to the top one percent . 
For too long , the billionaire class has corrupted our political system .  We must act decisively to make our economy fair again . 
Wall Street's   greed and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since the Great Depression .  
Our country is in serious trouble , and it is up to us to stand up and fight back to launch a heroic struggle :  a political revolution . 
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself benefiting only the extremely wealthy while using our money to get rich .  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more wealth inequality than any time since 1928 .  Read my plan on reversing income and wealth inequality :  
We should be spending our money on health care and disease prevention , not on paper pushing and debt collection . 
I don't believe in the agenda of the billionaire class .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending unlimited sums of money electing candidates .  
We need bold changes in America .  We need a mass political movement .  I call it a political revolution .  BernieInReno 
Let me be clear , the federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour is a starvation wage and it must be raised .  BernieInNV 
It is time to break up the largest financial institutions in the country .  Bernie2016
It's   an outrage that women are forced back to work after giving birth simply because they can't afford to stay home .  
We must never , ever go back to the days when older Americans could not get the healthcare they needed because they could not afford it . 
I have opposed Arctic oil drilling for years .  Drilling the Arctic at a time when we face a serious climate emergency should be unthinkable . 
Scott Walker wants to kick people off of their healthcare .  He's   wrong .  We need Medicare for all , not a return to a broken system . 
I don't believe in the agenda of corporate America .  What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree .  Bernie2016
We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage .  Bernie2016 
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care than do the people of any other western industrialized country .  Bernie2016
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression .  Bernie2016
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would create 13 million decent paying jobs . 
We have to ask ourselves .  Whose interest is it in to keep undocumented workers in the shadows without the protection of the law ? 
We began this campaign all of three and a half months ago and the momentum has been nothing less than extraordinary !  
Yes , it would mean a real future for our families .  .  .  Depending on who's   next in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .  -McKibben 
There must be a path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadows and participate fully and openly in American society . 
It is no great secret that across the United States undocumented workers perform a critical role in our economy . 
We must end the absurdity of 2 . 6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay . 
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there . 
Supporters of NAFTA told us it would increase the standard of living in Mexico .  The opposite was true . 
To truly empower our communities , we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people in this country . 
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back . 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street . 
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement .  Julian Bond was a man who dedicated his life to justice for all . 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign .  It is a people campaign .  - Cedar Rapids , Iowa office opening 
We must move towards a healthcare system based on providing quality care rather than worrying about the profits of the insurance companies . 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy , then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world . 
We must pursue policies that transform this country into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color . 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate ;  not political gossip or reckless personal attacks . 
Excited to be at the Iowa Fair Soap Box where I'll be speaking about rebuilding our middle class .  IACaucus 
As president , I will reduce income inequality by signing the Paycheck Fairness Act into law .  
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation's   history .  
It is imperative that we stand together to create the kind of nation that we know we can become .  WingDing 
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president .  It is about creating a grassroots political movement in this country . 
Three months later , what has happened has blown my mind :  we have been generating an enormous amount of enthusiasm across America .  WingDing
80 Years Later , Republicans Are Still Fighting Social Security .  
Every single year thousands of our fellow Americans die because they don't get the preventive care they need when they should . 
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and create the political revolution that this country desperately needs . 
When families can't spend time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value .  
This campaign is about developing a strong grassroots movement from coast to coast which says :  enough is enough !  
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family .  It's   a lesson I have never forgotten . 
We can live in a country where every person realizes the full promise of equality that is our birthright as Americans . 
It is unacceptable that Americans pay , by far , the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs .  
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and we must invest in community policing . 
Across the nation , too many find themselves subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals . 
We have got to say loudly and clearly that we will no longer tolerate police brutality in this country ! 
We must make significant reductions in carbon emissions and break our dependency on fossil fuels .  
If we are going to have the best educated workforce and a vibrant middle class , Wall Street has got to pay its fair share in taxes . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 must to join every other major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all . 
We have got to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to lower the outrageously high prices of prescription drugs . 
The Supreme Court's   Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy . 
With the support of millions of Americans we can build a political revolution in this country .  Bernie2016
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America ! 
We are not going back to the days when women could not have full access to birth control .  
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed , we should be doing everything we can to create jobs . 
 dee_kater We've got a bill for that too !  
I have seen first-hand the impact of our broken immigration system in the tomato fields of Immokalee , Florida . 
We must break up too-big-to-fail financial institutions . 
These institutions have acquired too much economic and political power , endangering our economy and our political process . 
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all bank deposits in the United States . 
The six largest financial institutions issue more than two-thirds of all credit cards and over 35 percent of all mortgages . 
daveweigel We're everywhere , Dave ! 
In the United States , we have one of the most unequal wealth and income distributions of any major country on earth . 
Studies show that nine out of every ten Americans report that their happiest memories come from vacations .  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government . 
Many of those in poverty are working at low-wage jobs .  These are the people who struggle every day to find the money to feed their kids . 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard . 
Incredibly , Republicans have given huge tax breaks to millionaires while raising taxes on working families .  
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  
Since the implementation of NAFTA , the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people . 
It is time to end the politics of division on this country , of politicians playing one group of people against another . 
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status . 
Let me say loudly and clearly - health care is a right of all people , not a privilege . 
In my view , if we are going to rebuild the middle class , we have got to make sure that Wall Street pays its fair share in taxes . 
This is a campaign that is on the move and , together , this is a campaign that will end in victory .  BernieInLA 
Brothers , we need to stand with our sisters and fight for pay equity .  BernieInLA
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth .  BernieinLA 
The scientific community is virtually unanimous in that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet . 
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed , recklessness , and illegal behavior on Wall Street . 
We must create a political revolution from the ground up .  Real change happens when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough . 
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right .  That human right is health care . 
We must create a national system to provide care for every single American in the most cost-effective way possible . 
Health care must be recognized as a right , not a privilege .  Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care . 
If we could bail out Wall Street , we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt . 
We must make sure that Veterans get every benefit they served for and deserve .  BernieinPortland
We must move to a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  BernieinPortland
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet habitable for our grandchildren .  
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans .  That is going to change .  BernieinPortland
When one family spends more money than both parties , that is not democracy that is oligarchy .  BernieinPortland
In my view we have got to re-establish Glass-Steagall and break up the big banks .  BernieinPortland
It is not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty .  BerniePDX
It is the tragic reality that in this great country the middle class has been disappearing .  BernieinPortland
Whoa !  This is an unbelievable turnout .  This is the largest crowd so far .  Tune in LIVE now :  
Portland is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up .  Tune in LIVE here :   
The Supreme Court's   2013 decision gutting the Voting Rights Act was a shameful step backward . 
Great job to everyone on the IAcaucus team !  
The vast majority of Americans want to raise the minimum wage .  We must raise it to a livable wage of $15 per hour over the next few years . 
Policies to fight the types of violence waged against communities of color :  physical , political , legal and economic :  
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder .  
I supported the Voting Rights Advancement Act to prevent states with a history of voting discrimination from suppressing political rights . 
I am a supporter of the DREAM Act , which would offer permanent residency and eventual citizenship to children who were brought to the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 . 
I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street .  In truth , it is the other way around . 
It's   incumbent upon us to give the agreement a chance to succeed .  That is why I will support the iran agreement .  
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner . 
Tune in to Face The Nation this Sunday for a discussion on the iran agreement and other issues facing our country .  
We cannot and must not shirk the historic role of the United States as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution . 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men , women , and children and throwing them out of the country . 
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them . 
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
In my view , Wall Street is too large and powerful to be reformed .  The huge financial institutions must be broken up .  
It's   over .  Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt .  That's   why the Rs are so out of touch . 
The very rich get richer , everyone else poorer .  And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say . 
Pope Francis says climate change is one of the great crises we face .  I'm waiting for one word from Fox and the Rs on it .  DebateWithBernie
BTS live-tweeting the DebateWithBernie .  
GOP agenda :  more money for military , tax breaks for the rich , cuts to Social Security and programs for working families .  DebateWithBernie
What I'm hearing so far :  tax breaks for the rich , more people losing health insurance and more talk about war .  This is not what we need . 
Does any Republican agree with the majority of Americans who now strongly support gay rights and same-sex marriage ?  DebateWithBernie
Millions of Americans are struggling with horrendous student debt + high interest rates .  Do the Rs have anything to say ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs discuss criminal justice reform and the need to end police killing of unarmed African-Americans ?  DebateWithBernie
Will Fox talk about outrageous GOP voter suppression and the undermining of the Voting Rights Act ?  VRA50 DebateWithBernie
Will Fox and the Rs talk about pay equity for women workers who make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men ?  Waiting .  DebateWithBernie
At a time of massive inequality , does any R think the wealthy and large corporations should pay a nickel more in taxes ?  DebateWithBernie
Social Security can pay every penny owed for next 18 yrs .  Lift the cap on taxable income and it'll be solvent for decades .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker repeal Obamacare .  Throw millions of more people off of their health insurance .  Great idea .  DebateWIthBernie
Carson talks about the debt .  Hey Dr .  Carson .  .  .  the Rs forgot to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .  $6-8 trillion on the credit card . 
Check it out .  How many of the candidates on the stage have super PACs funded by millionaires and billionaires ?  DebateWIthBernie
Huckabee and Carson :  more tax breaks for billionaires , higher taxes for working families .  DebateWithBernie
Fox's   great idea .  Climate change is the great global environmental crisis , but they want to cut or destroy the EPA .  DebateWithBernie
Some of us didn't believe Bush and Cheney on Iraq .  We voted NO .  That was the right vote .  DebateWithBernie
The clock is ticking .  Climate change ?  Income inequality ?  Citizens United ?  Waiting for the questions and the discussion .  DebateWithBernie
Who would've believed it ?  Dr .  Rand Paul is right .  Yes we can fight terrorism and protect the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Constitution .  DebateWithBernie
Scott Walker listened to the American people on immigration .  Really ?  Most Americans want a path to citizenship .  DebateWithBernie
Marco Rubio is right .  The people are frustrated .  The rich get much richer and everyone else is getting poorer .  Will the Rs talk about this ? 
Kasich saved Ohio's   economy !  Oh .  Who was the president who helped lower unemployment and create millions of new jobs ?  DebateWithBernie
Still waiting .  Will Fox ask if it's   appropriate for billionaires to buy elections ?  DebateWithBernie GOPDebate
Oh .  It was just a movie trailer .  GOPDebate DebateWithBernie
Does any GOPer care about whether or not a woman , rather than the gov't , should make decisions regarding her own body ?  DebateWithBernie
Will any Republican talk about the need to raise the current starvation minimum wage of $7 . 25 an hour ?  DebateWithBernie
Jeb Bush has a lot of respect for his brother George W .  Really ?  Let's   not forget the virtual collapse of our economy when he left office . 
Will the GOPers talk about why the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 is the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all as a right ?  DebateWithBernie
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity ? 
Let's   see what questions Fox will ask .  Will they talk about the disastrous Citizen United decision that allows the rich to buy elections ? 
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves , standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy . 
The 2016 presidential election will be the first in 50 years where voters won't have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act .  VRA50
Despite the central role they play in our economy , undocumented workers are reviled by many for political gain and shunted into the shadows . 
I agree .  We are committed to making registering to vote as easy as possible .  .  .  -   
In America , everybody who is eligible to vote is entitled to vote .  That is American democracy .  VR50 
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process . 
The average chief executive in America now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker .  
We must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and leave a habitable planet for our grandchildren .  
A single-payer system will expand employment opportunities and lift a weight off of businesses encumbered by employee health expenses . 
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is the struggle of a lifetime .  Our time to fight is now .  
Is it morally appropriate that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1% ? 
Open to all Americans over 65 years of age , Medicare has been a resounding success since its introduction 48 years ago . 
The only long-term solution to America's   health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program . 
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and to take on the wealthy special interests that wield so much power . 
Much of the corporate media is prepared to discuss everything except the most important issues facing our country . 
Real change takes place when millions of people stand up and say enough is enough , and create a political revolution from the ground up . 
Is our democracy being destroyed when one family can spend $900 million to buy elections ? 
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery . 
The wealthiest 14 people in this country increased their wealth in two years by more than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans . 
Instead of trying to take away health care from women , we should be trying to provide family and medical leave to all of our families . 
We actually need a heck of a lot more than $3 per person for women's   health care , Jeb Bush 
Creating a simple system with one payer covering all Americans would result in an enormous reduction in administrative expenses . 
July 29 proved that we have the people and that we're organized .  Here's   a short video of history in the making :  
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist .  Become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill .  
While insurance and drug companies make huge profits , Americans spend more and get less than people from any other nation . 
We must make college affordable so that every qualified American can get the education they need to reclaim the American dream . 
We must create a national health care system that provides quality health care for all in the most cost-effective way possible . 
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy . 
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products , not American jobs , are our No .  1 export . 
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents . 
Maybe for once Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet .  
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics , with establishment economics and with establishment media . 
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free . 
Where people have no work , where folks have no health insurance , that's   where we should be , including Louisiana .  
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income . 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve . 
Now is not the time for the same-old , same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .  
We must move forward in ending our dependence on fossil fuel and move toward energy efficiency and renewable energy .  
I will introduce legislation which will allow people to run for office without having to beg money from the wealthy .  
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty . 
ICYMI :  This past Friday at Natl Urban League we need some new thinking .  
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people , not for hunting , should not be sold in America . 
Let's   defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement .  
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families .  That has got to change . 
LIVE on Periscope 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of Friends of the Earth one of the great environmental organizations in the world .  
Health care is a right , not a privilege . 
It's   an outrage that millions of women in this country are forced back to work after giving birth .  
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections . 
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police . 
The only way forward , to bring forth a progressive agenda , is to have the American people mobilized . 
We are building a strong grassroots movement together , and people should not underestimate us .  
For the last 40 years , there has been a massive attack by corporate America against the middle class .  
We've got to change our trade policies , so companies aren't shutting down here and moving abroad . 
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who's   involved in domestic abuse situations . 
Inspired by the activists standing up to Shell in Portland and Seattle .  We cannot address climate change and drill in the Arctic .  ShellNo
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women's   health . 
If we stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish for our great country .  
I have introduced legislation that would make every every public college and university tuition-free .  
When the people stand together , there is nothing we cannot accomplish . 

The only way we take on the Koch brothers is when we put together a strong grassroots movement of millions and millions of people . 
I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone pipeline , which moves us exactly in the wrong direction . 
It is time that we bring about a fundamental transformation of the American health care system .  
We need to make government work for all the people , not just the 1 percent . 
When I hear politicians like Jeb Bush talking about phasing out Medicare , that ain't gonna happen .  We're not going back .  Medicare4All
It is time to expand Medicare to every man and woman in America .  Medicare4All 
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors . 
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on campaign .  Bernie2016
Our West Coast stream is up .  Tune in to  now .  Bernie2016
Let's   get to work .  Text WORK to 82623 to get started on our campaign .  Bernie2016
We need to educate , organize and mobilize the working families of our country to stand up for their rights . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
Clearly , if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet , we need to change the political dynamics of the nation . 
Meanwhile , as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically , the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well . 
Most of the new jobs that are being created are part-time and low wage .  And that wage remains at the starvation level of $7 . 25 per hour . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies .  Let's   protect the Postal Service , not dismantle it . 
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose the pipeline .  
Billionaires already own much of our economy .  That , apparently , is not enough .  Now , they want to own the United States government as well . 
Now is the time to alter our government .  No more excuses .  We must all become involved in the political process . 
Judith is ready for her MN Bernie2016 organizing meeting .  Attend a local event on Wednesday :   
Our opponents have the billionaires on their side , but we have the people .  Attend an organizing meeting on Wednesday :  
We need a new approach to trade , an approach which benefits the working families of our country .  
The scientific community is clear :  Global warming is real and it is caused by human activity . 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it . 
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy , we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family , a lesson I have never forgotten .  
Some people told me Louisiana was a conservative state .  I guess not .   
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege .  
We need to bring back Glass-Steagall legislation .   
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century .  This is catastrophic . 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face . 
I ask them not to yield to an economic model which is idolatrous , which needs to sacrifice human lives on the altar of money .  .  Pope Francis
Tune in to Meet the Press for a discussion on the issues facing our nation .  Check local listings for air time .  
No person should have to worry that a routine interaction with law enforcement will end in violence or death .  SCLC 
People of color are afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin .  SCLC
This country has socialism for the rich , rugged individualism for the poor .  - Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr SCLC
A progressive estate tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality . 
In addition to busting up the big trusts of his time , President Theodore Roosevelt fought for the creation of a progressive estate tax . 
We must convince low-income workers that voting can raise the national minimum wage to a living wage . 
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud , they are intended to discourage voting .  They have worked . 
Instead of encouraging more people to vote , Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls , especially low-income people . 
Billionaires like the Koch brothers and others should not be able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns . 
This is what a rigged economic system looks like .  
We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work and to raise wages .  fightfor15 
The American people must demand the White House start protecting the interests of working families , not just wealthy campaign contributors . 

I hope it's   clear how dire it is for millions of people working full time yet living in poverty .  We have a moral obligation to help them . 
Our goal should be to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all Americans .  
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need . 
We must launch a political revolution that engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change . 
Climate change threatens the planet , and we have a major political party denying its reality . 
I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of the Equality Act .  These protections are long overdue .  EqualityForward
Giving up is not an option if we want to prevent irreparable harm to our planet . 
The corporate media spends enormous time and energy diverting our attention away from the most important issues facing us . 
Despair is not an option if we care about our kids and grandchildren . 
Our criminal justice system is out of control .  
It would be very hard to imagine a white middle class woman being treated in the same way as Sandra Bland was . 
Our political system is dominated by billionaire campaign contributors and their lobbyists and is moving us in the direction of oligarchy . 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills . 
In the year 2015 , a job must lift workers out of poverty , not keep them in it .  
The ACA has made modest improvements in American health care since it took effect .  But it is not enough .  
This country is in serious trouble .  Our economic system benefits the rich and large corporations and leaves working families behind . 
Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the social safety net , but we must expand benefits for those in need . 
 buckarooholiday We are going to put the justice back in justice system and prosecute the perpetrators . 
This type of police abuse has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it must stop .  -B 
Iowans at Independence Day gatherings show off their Bernie 2016 signs and talk about the important issues in 2016 .  
Warren Buffet has pointed out the unfairness of the fact that he , a multibillionaire , pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary . 
We need a tax system that is fair and progressive . 
We'll be there 8/14 in Clear Lake , Iowa !  MT   Tickets selling faster than anticipated .  .  .  Get tickets now !  
It's   disgraceful that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses .  This must end . 
It is absurd that in 1952 corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while in 2014 they provided 11 percent . 
It is fiscally irresponsible that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 loses about $100 billion a year because corporation stash their profits in the Cayman Islands . 
In my view , we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets . 

Nothing will get done unless millions of people stand up and roundly proclaim enough is enough . 
Supporters have created more than 1 ,500 organizing meetings on July 29th .  Get involved by hosting or attending here :  
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave .  
They are all heroes .  
In terms of income , 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent .  This is what a rigged economic system looks like . 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald's   must work when they are sick just because they can't afford to stay home . 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process .  
Sandra Bland , Eric Garner , Freddie Gray and too many others . 
We must make sure that every person who has the ability can get a good education , regardless of their family income .  
We have a long way to go to overcome racism in this country . 
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ? 
We should be providing jobs and education for our kids rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration . 
Our largest turnout yet in Phoenix .  
Got questions for our town hall at Netroots Nation ?  Tweet them using NN15TownHall . 
Are we comfortable with an American political system which is being dominated by a handful of billionaires ? 
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties combined that is not democracy , that is oligarchy .  IDPHOF
No president , not even the best one , can bring about the changes that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution . 
American workers are being denied a benefit that workers in every other advanced economy already enjoy :  10 days of paid vacation time . 
Backstage at the   Hall of Fame dinner .  
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans . 

The function of banking should be to provide affordable loans to businesses to create jobs . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages .  That is not a family value .  
If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
The enormous concentration of ownership within the financial sector is hurting the middle class and damaging the economy . 
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of Americans . 
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  Enough is enough ! 
We need to pass pay equity for women workers .  It is not acceptable that women receive less than their male counterparts doing the same job . 
The best way to expand the economy is to raise wages and create good jobs to increase the purchasing power of the American people . 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to gay rights .  
More people have contributed to our campaign than to any other presidential candidate , Democrat or Republican .  I am humbled by this support . 
We must do a lot more to rebuild the middle class , check corporate greed and make our economy work again for working families . 
Corporations must stop manipulating their shares to reward their executives and billionaire shareholders through the use of stock buybacks . 
Corporations have mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns making it harder for workers to collectively bargain for decent wages and benefits . 
We must continue and expand our efforts to be national leaders in the fight for gender equality . 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about support for abstinence-only education .  
With turnout projections mounting , the location of Saturday's   rally in Phoenix has been changed .  To RSVP go to 
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are-American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home . 
I want to create millions of jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and i've introduced legislation to do that . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :  
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes . 
We aren't going back .  Not only are we not going to retreat on women's   rights , we're going to expand them .  We're going forward , not backward . 
The fact is that the middle class of this country continues its 40-year decline , people are working longer hours for lower wages . 
Our free and open Internet has made invaluable contributions to democracy both here in the United States and around the world . 
40 percent of American workers aren't even eligible for family and medical unpaid leave .  
The iranDeal is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling and could keep us from being drawn into another never-ending war . 
The American people understand that establishment economics are not working for the middle class .  They want real change . 
We need a mass grassroots movement that says we're involved and we're organized .  
I want to see this country expand social security benefits , not cut them . 
I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour .  A majority of the American people want to do that . 
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and in a loud and clear voice we say no to racism and bigotry . 
When Republicans use the term they're usually talking about things like denying a woman's   right to choose .  
Ordinary people are profoundly disgusted with the fact that the middle class is being destroyed and income going to the top 1 percent . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting :  
When my Republican colleagues use the term they're usually talking about things like opposition to contraception .  
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .  
The American people say overwhelmingly that we have to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on contributions . 
Sanders Economic Agenda Puts Spotlight on Poor and Collapsing Middle Class :  
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as someone who makes $118 ,500 a year . 
 jchaltiwanger May the force be with us . 
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans . 
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system .  It cannot be ignored . 
The American people are disgusted with the degree that billionaires are able to buy elections .  
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet , not hidden fees and rising prices . 
I supported the president's   executive action on immigration-I think that was a good step .  But we have to push harder . 
Do people know that in many countries throughout Europe , public colleges and universities are either tuition-free or very inexpensive ? 
We are forcing the system to start dealing with the real issues facing the middle class and working families .  

Do the American people even know that we're the only major Western industrialized country that doesn't guarantee health care for all ? 
If anyone thinks that the kind of police brutality that we're seeing now is something new , they are sorely mistaken . 
There is nothing more important than leaving this country , and this planet , habitable for our kids and grandchildren .  
The biggest political problem facing this country is that we don't discuss the serious issues facing this country .  
The flag belongs in a museum .  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs .  We need to invest in infrastructure , not more war . 
America is not supposed to be a country where 99 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent . 
What we need now is an economy that provides decent wages and income for the middle class , not demands that people work even longer hours . 
This campaign is not only about winning elections , it is about transforming America .  
Our job , in this moment , is not to think small .  The United States must lead the world in fighting climate change .  
All over America , people are becoming involved in our campaign because they want change .  Real change !  That's   what this campaign is about . 
In Great Britain , new mothers get 40 weeks of paid leave .  70 percent of countries offer paid leave to new fathers as well . 

Low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices and among the most vulnerable to the perils of a changing climate . 
Must read from Washington Post Missing the whole Bernie Sanders point 
Let's   say it loud and clear :  women controls their bodies , not the government . 
Catch up on our exciting weekend in the Granite State !  
When Roosevelt ran for reelection , he welcomed the hatred of what he called the economic royalists .  I'm prepared to do that as well . 
I think the discontent of the American people is far , far greater than the pundits understand . 
When workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work , productivity goes up and employees are more satisfied with their jobs . 
Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment , it will create good paying jobs . 
I strongly believe Puerto Rico should be afforded the same bankruptcy protections that exist for municipalities across the United States . 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30 ,000 each .  That's   unsustainable , and unforgivable . 
Talked to Reverend Al Sharpton last night on   about our campaign's   momentum and message :  
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans , not just wealthy contributors .  
I would like as many debates as possible , and I would also like to break new ground and have debates with Republicans and Democrats . 
From ME to CA , the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics aren't working for the middle class . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
I am asking Americans from across the country to come together for a series of conversations .  Join us on July 29 .  
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values .  Why can't we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children ? 
Medicare is more cost-effective than private insurers , and could serve as the foundation for a single-payer system .  
I applaud the people of Greece for saying 'no' to more austerity for the the poor , the children , the sick and the elderly . 
Even when working Americans face a serious disease like cancer , they have no guarantee of paid sick leave .  It doesn't have to be this way . 
We must move away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy .  
Of 182 nations that do provide paid leave , more than half guarantee at least 14 weeks off .  
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don't have enough money ? 
Our contingent in the Waukee , Iowa Fourth of July parade .  Bernie2016 
Why must many older Americans be forced to choose between paying for food , shelter , or medical care ? 
TeamBernie getting ready to march in Ames , Iowa !  
College tuition is free in Germany , even for citizens of other countries .  It's   also free in Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Ireland and Mexico . 
We have the moral obligation to do everything humanly possible to defend those men and women who defended us .  
Wow !  2 ,300+ came out for our town meeting in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  Largest turnout in Iowa for any single candidate .  
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness .  It doesn't have to be this way . 

We have more prisoners , more homeless people , and more economic inequality .  It doesn't have to be this way .  We can make better choices . 
A full house and then some at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake , Iowa !  
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation .  We also have more child poverty than any other major industrialized nation . 
Why are we so far behind so many other countries when it comes to meeting the needs of working families and the American middle class ? 
It's   standing room only for our town meeting in Sioux City , Iowa this evening !  
Why can't every American who is qualified get a higher education , regardless of family income ? 
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote . 
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax . 
When the people stand together , we can win .  
At the end of the day they may have the money , but we have the people and when the people stand together we can win .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Rochester , MN 
We need to create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires .  
I applaud the president for continuing to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba , just like most of the rest of the world . 
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years , Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth . 
TPP would expand the profits of big drug companies , keep drug prices artificially high and leave millions without access to lifesaving drugs . 
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea :  we're going to tell the truth . 
Let me be clear .  Nothing is going to happen , unless we have the courage to take on the billionaire class . 
Why can't we have the lowest rate of childhood poverty in America instead of the highest ?  
 LoganAyrton Hi Logan , we're really sorry to hear that .  Please give our store a call at 802-363-6099 . 
If we stand together , we will win .  
This overdue change means businesses will no longer be able to shirk their responsibility to pay fair wages .  
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :  
The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 40 percent . 
Not too many people voted against DOMA in 1996 .  I did .  And because of a grassroots movement for gay rights , public consciousness changed . 
With so much violence already in the world , I just don't think the state itself should be killing people .  I'm against capital punishment . 
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes . 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now .  
I don't believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty . 
The scientific community has been extremely clear .  We must take bold action to address climate change .  
Another great crowd in Laconia , New Hampshire as 400 turn out for our town meeting .  
More than 500 pack the house in Durham , New Hampshire for our town meeting .  
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Durham , NH 
Come pack the house with other supporters on Wednesday evening in Madison , Wisconsin .  RSVP here :  
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States .  It's   called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Henniker , NH 
Join us in Madison , Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally :  
Great crowd for our house party in Bow !  FITN nhpolitics 
LIVE :  Town hall meeting in Nashua , NH .   
LIVE on Periscope :  Town Hall Meeting in Nashua , NH 
I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who are anxious to be part of our campaign .  
We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections . 
Corporate America has mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns .  We must make certain that workers are given a fair chance to join a union . 
Every man , woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income .  
We once led the world in the percentage of our people with a college degree .  Now we are in 12th place . 
Join me in Madison to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the middle class must end .  
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life , my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate . 
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet . 
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity .  
We should do everything possible to guarantee the right to vote , not make it harder .  I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act . 
School teachers and educators are real American heroes .  I am honored to have their backing .  
We are the richest country in the history of the world yet almost all of the wealth ends up in the hands of the few .  
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them and not only for the CEOs of major multi-national corporations . 
Despite new technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than in 1999 .  
We're hiring field organizers in Iowa !  Click here for more information :  
Listen live to my conversation with   on TPP at 4 : 05pm 
In my view , the American consumer does not want the tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated and underpaid . 
Must read :  I'm a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the largest corporations to pay their fair share .  
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans . 
It is time to rebuild the middle class and reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else . 
We need to change outdated overtime rules so that businesses can't shirk their responsibility by labeling low-paid workers as supervisors . 
The confederate flag is a relic of our nation's   stained racial history .  It should come down . 
Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas .  
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them .  
Equal pay for equal work .  
When parents and children can't spend any time on vacation together during the course of an entire year , that is not a family value . 
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say .  Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable . 
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Denver , CO 
To be meaningful , a pathway to citizenship needs be achievable for the millions of workers at the lower end of the economic ladders . 
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
Momentum is building .  A look at the massive turnouts and energy behind our campaign events :  
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It's   time to break up too big to fail banks .  
It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope .  
If the Export-Import Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the United States , it should be eliminated . 
Join us live for our Las Vegas town hall meeting on Periscope .   
LIVE on Periscope :  Town hall meeting in Las Vegas , NV 
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy , we must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy . 
When a mother can't spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks of life , that is not a family value .  
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation . 
We need an economy that works for all Americans , not just the people at the very top . 
Family values :  let's   talk about what those words mean .  
We must implement a trade policy that demands that corporate America invests in this country rather than in countries all over the world . 
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street , there is just one alternative :  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up . 
Climate change is real .  It is caused by human activities .  We must lead the world in combating the planetary crisis of global warming . 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America . 
Virtually every major union and environmental organization in the United States is against the TPP deal .  TPA 
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates .  We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision . 
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime . 
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy , not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities . 
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages .  The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised . 
Despite exploding technology and increased worker productivity , median family income is almost $5 ,000 less than it was in 1999 . 
We're building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back .  
The minimum wage must become a living wage - which means raising it to $15 an hour over the next few years . 
I believe in a path to citizenship , and I agree with President Obama's   plans to do through executive action what Congress refuses to . 
In my view , every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave . 
 GeneralElectric , Verizon and The Boeing Company have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS . 
Let's   be clear :  in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth . 
At the Hawkeye Labor Council AFL-CIO annual steak fry in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .  
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008 , more than 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1% .  America needs a political revolution . 
We are very pleased to have the support of the South Carolina AFL-CIO executive board !  
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end .  
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton .  It's   about the needs of the American people and the ideas to address those needs . 
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse .  Isn't it time for a change ? 
Congress Deals a Setback to the Corporate Trade Agenda TPA TPP 
Big crowd for our town hall meeting this evening in Des Moines , Iowa .  iacaucus 
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy . 
Economic Policy Inst estimates that NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680 ,000 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 jobs .  Sign here to oppose the TPP :  
The TPP outsources jobs , undercuts worker rights , and dismantles labor laws .  Sign the petition to say no to TPP :  
We need trade policies that rebuild our manufacturing sector , not agreements that will lead to fewer jobs and lower wages .  TPA
Economic Policy Inst estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with china led to the net loss of over 2 . 7 million American jobs .  TPA
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad .  TPA
At a time of massive inequality , the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer . 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work . 
I was honored to be among those who marched on Washington with Dr .  MLK Jr Read my piece about his dream on Medium 
Follow our campaign on Medium here :  
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank . 
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs . 
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement .  
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous :  Climate change is real .  Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system . 
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place . 
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections .  
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right , not a privilege . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet .  
A NYTimes poll shows that 74% of the American people think that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics . 
Must read from The Nation Wisconsin Straw Poll :  Clinton 49 Percent , Sanders 41 Percent 
No we will not cut Social Security .  
Wisconsin Democrats straw poll :  Clinton 49% - Sanders 41% .  
We need to hold thousands of meetings like this one in Keene , NH , all over the country :  
Brattleboro's   14th annual Strolling of the Heifers festival was udderly fantastic .  
NEWS :  Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire .  
Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene , New Hampshire !  
Annual Strolling of the Heifers parade in Brattleboro , Vermont .  
Now is the time for millions of working families to come together to revitalize American democracy .  Join us :  
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people , not to a handful of billionaires , their Super-PACs and their lobbyists . 
 spencertweedy We apologize for the inconvenience .  The demand has been exceedingly high .  We hope to fix the store soon . 
American democracy is not about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections .  It is one person-one vote and no voter suppression . 
Rolling Stone spent three days on the campaign trail with us .  Check it out :  
  Coralville Iowa We had a great meeting in Coralville several months ago !  Looking forward to coming back . 
Must read from Washington Post As the rich become super-rich , they pay lower taxes .  For real .  
The people of this country are tired of political gossip , personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads .  I've never run a negative ad in my life . 
Americans want candidates to engage in serious discussions about the issues facing our country .  Sign my petition :  
Now is not the time for thinking small .  Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas . 
Coming up at 12 : 15pm ET -- we'll be on with Andrea Mitchell to talk about the importance of debates in 2016 . 
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for .  We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United . 
What a week we had in Vermont , New Hampshire , Iowa and Minnesota :   Bernie2016
I voted against the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society . 
Addressing the overflow crowd in Minneapolis .  MN 
 marcoscopic Sorry about that Marcos .  We need a bigger venue ! 
About 600 came out to celebrate our campaign kickoff in Ames , Iowa !  
We must be touching a nerve !  Another 300 listening outside in Iowa City .  
Continuing our road trip in beautiful West Branch , Iowa -- 200 came out for our backyard house party .  
Another great turnout in Iowa at Muscatine County Democrats meeting .  
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages .  
I am glad to hear that the State Department has removed Cuba from their list of state-sponsored terrorists . 
Our first day in Iowa was a big success :  
My campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate , not political gossip .  
Photos and a recap from our first day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire :  
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty . 
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Just Fired the Opening Shots of His Political Revolution In Vermont by   
Burlington Police estimate more than 5 ,000 showed up for our big launch .  Join us live at  .  
About to take the stage here in Burlington .  Tune in at  .  
We're excited to launch our new Instagram !  Follow us on the campaign trail :  
Memorial Day parade in Middlebury , Vt .  
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral , it is economically unsustainable . 
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity , the middle class continues to disappear . 
This country faces many serious problems , and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least . 
Wall Street cannot be an island separate from the rest of the productive economy whose only goal is to make as much money as possible . 
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were too big to fail , are now bigger than they used to be . 
It's   time to break up the big banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist .  That's   the bottom line . 
For 30 years I've stood up for workers in this country , and I believe I am the only candidate now prepared to take on the billionaire class . 
Excited for Bill McKibben to speak at our kickoff event on Tuesday in Burlington !  
A political revolution is coming .  Text BERNIE to 82623 to sign up for important mobile alerts from TeamBernie . 
Support my bill to make public colleges and universities tuition-free :   CollegeforAll 
I congratulate the Los Angeles City Council for voting to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour . 
In this economy , college is the new high school .  We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage . 
CollegeForAll -- that's   how we'll compete effectively in this new global economy .  Support my bill :  
Support my bill to make public college tuition-free :   CollegeForAll
Every American who has the desire and ability should be able to get an affordable college education .   CollegeForAll
I believe that in a democratic , civilized society none of our people should be hungry or living in desperation . 
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet . 
The United States must lead the world in combating climate change and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels . 
We need a massive federal jobs program which puts millions of our people back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure . 
We are the richest country in the world but that means nothing when almost all of the wealth and income ends up in the hands of the few . 
Since 1999 , the typical middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5 ,000 after adjusting for inflation . 
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class , by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class . 
Why would we approve another trade deal like those that have failed so miserably ?  NoTPP
Trade agreements should not just work for corporate America .  They have got to benefit the working families of our country . 
The United States must move toward a Medicare-for-all single-payer system .  Health care is a right not a privilege . 
While a member of the House Financial Services Committee , I was one of those leading the fight against the deregulation of Wall Street . 
We need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs . 
It is absurd that in 1952 , corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while , in 2014 , they provided 11 percent . 
We must listen to the scientists and lead the world in halting climate change so this planet is habitable for our kids and grandchildren . 
Over a period of a few years the national minimum wage should be $15 per hour . 
Must read from The Hill Banks brace for Bernie Sanders 
I am vigorously opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement , and will do everything that I can to defeat it . 
Shamefully , the United States remains the only major industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people . 
It is not acceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses . 
This country belongs to all of us , not just the billionaire class .  That's   what this campaign is all about . 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change . 
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities . 
Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need .  
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country , not spend millions on ugly and negative 30-second ads . 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages , while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least . 
I voted against the Patriot Act every time it came up , and it still needs major reform . 
A discussion from 1989 on the failure of our elected officials to address the needs of working-class Americans .  TBT 
It's   time to make our government work for all of us , and not just the top one percent .  Join our campaign :  
The billionaires and their super PACs increasingly control the American political process .  That's   why we must overturn Citizens United . 
In my view , the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner . 
The great challenge that we face .  .  .  
I believe we should break up the big Wall Street banks .  If they're too big to fail , they're too big to exist . 
It is better to show up than to give up .  Join us :  
I'm running for the Democratic nomination because we must change course , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
Change will not come without political participation .  Join our campaign at 
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires but we can't take care of the elderly and the children ? 
It's   way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country , not low-wage countries abroad . 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much , while so many have so little . 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty . 
They have the money , but we have the people .  In the end , I believe the people can win .  Join our campaign at 
I'm hoping to lead the fight against the TPP so that we do not continue to see shutdowns of factories in America . 
We are at a moment of truth .  We need to face up to the reality of where we are as a nation , and we need a mass movement to fight for change . 
A successful national campaign is a massive undertaking , especially when we will be heavily outspent .  Join us :  
I am running because I know we must change course now , or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few . 
I run not to oppose any woman or man , but to propose new and far-reaching policies to deal with the crises of our times . 
Our middle class is at a tipping point .  It will not last another generation if we don't boldly change course now .  
Speaking to the leadership of the NH AFL-CIO about ways to rebuild the middle class  ( North Conway , NH )  .  
The disastrous Citizens United case and other related decisions are undermining the very foundations of American democracy . 
First official campaign event in Manchester , NH .  More than 100 strong .  Great event !  
The people at the top are grabbing all the new wealth and income for themselves , and the rest of America is being squeezed and left behind . 
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders .  
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign at  . 
I believe that together we can change America , and breathe new life into the soul of our nation .  That is what our campaign is all about . 
America is ready for a new path to the future .  Together we can make profound changes .  Please join our campaign .  
Follow me on Reddit .  
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution .  Join our campaign :  
Join the campaign at :   
Nineteen Republican presidential candidates in NewHampshire and they all say the same thing :  
I hope Hillary Clinton will speak out on these and other important issues in the days and weeks ahead .  
Join Bernie's   campaign here :  
Tell Congress to protect American workers -- No fast track !  :   TPP
A loophole in immigration law is costing thousands of American jobs -   Los Angeles Times 
Tell Congress to protect American workers - No fast track !   TPP 
Highlights from Bernie's   Western Swing :  
Take a look at some highlights from Bernie's   trip through California , Nevada , Texas and Illinois :  
Here is What Could Be Fixed by the Taxes on Apple's   Offshored Profits -  
Bernie speaks at a rally for   in Chicago :  
NOW in LasVegas :  Bernie is firing up a packed room of   workers .  Vegas 
Bernie addressed a sold-out event this evening in San Francisco at the   - next stop :  Las Vegas 
Why do Republicans always have money for war but not for those in need ?  
NOW :  Bernie is taking calls on KQED Listen live :   and call in at :  866-733-6786 .  SanFrancisco
A Letter from Bernie :  Help Make a Political Revolution :   
Happening now - Sanders addresses 800+ in Los Angeles  
Join Bernie for a rally for   on April 2 at 6 : 30pm .  More info here :   ChicagoElection2015 Chicago
Join Bernie for a town meeting at the   of California on March 30 at 6 : 30pm .  More info here :  
Get involved , stay up to date and take action at :   BerniesBrigade
Federal Tax System Seen in Need of Overhaul - Pew Research Center 
Join Bernie here :   
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality .  .  .  
Join the campaign here :   
This is the kind of corporate greed and irresponsibility that is destroying the middle class and must be stopped .  
Chris Rock 
A Bernie Sanders Presidential Bid Would Take on the Billionaires - Mark Z .  Barabak Los Angeles Times 
U . S .  Companies Are Stashing $2 . 1 Trillion Overseas to Avoid Taxes - Richard Rubin Bloomberg 
Must Read :  A Strike Against Student Debt - The New York Times 
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
Sign the petition to tell Congress that Americans want a big infrastructure jobs program :  
The The FCC voted to protect NetNeutrality :  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million jobs .  Support rebuilding America here :  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .  
Let's   rebuild America and create jobs .  Sign the petition here :  
Bernie in Iowa :  'Stand up , fight back' for national change 
Happening now - Bernie addresses students , community members at Drake University town meeting 
Join Bernie here :   
Sign the petition to support a bold $1 trillion investment in our nation's   infrastructure and jobs :  
Join Bernie here :   
Bernie's   Iowa trip schedule Feb 19 - Feb 21 :   - 
Let's   rebuild America and create jobs :   
$1 billion each .  .  .  
$600 billion on defense .  .  .  
It is absurd .  .  .  
The national debt was primarily caused by .  .  .  
 .  .  . of the rich , by the rich and for the rich .  .  .  
take action :  Stop the Republican attack on Social Security 
Bernard Sanders claims far-left lane in Democratic presidential race :  
We must fight to expand Social Security .  SocialSecurity 
Join Bernie on Saturday , Feb .  7 for Breakfast in Harrisburg :   Pennsylvania
Stand with Bernie here :   FCC NetNeutrality 
Join the movement here :   
Stay up to date with Bernie here :   
Join Bernie here :   
We've got to stand up and fight back :   
Join Bernie here :   
Stay up to date with Bernie at :  
West Virginia Gas Line Explodes , Marking Fourth Major Pipeline Incident This Month -   ThinkProgress 
Listen now :  Q and A with DemocracyForAmerica membership 
This is wrong and unsustainable from a moral , economic and political perspective :  
We're Getting Even Closer to Doomsday - The Associated Press 
The bottom 60% owns only 1 . 7% of the wealth in this country . 
Join Bernie on Friday , Feb .  6 for a Reception in Philadelphia :  
On the 5th anniversary of Citizens United , tell congressional leaders :  Democracy is NOT for Sale 
Join the movement :  
Bernie promises to defend social security 
We are moving backward .  .  .  
Why is it that .  .  .  - Jon Stewart 
Must Read :  The Possible Presidential Candidate Who Agrees the Most with Pope Francis -   TIME . com 
In Germany , college tuition is now free throughout the country :  
Stop the KeystoneXL pipeline .  NoKXL 
Is It Bad Enough Yet ?  - Mark Bittman The New York Times 
We cannot continue to turn our backs on poverty in America .  
Here's   how the Republicans approach democracy :  
YES - an end of the year letter from Bernie 
Rigged .  
Embracing Bernie's   values -letter to the editor Des Moines Register  v
Stephen Colbert on Walmart 
Listen now :  Bernie on Radio Boston discusses challenges of our time 
Since 2001 we have lost over 60 ,800 factories and millions of decent-paying manufacturing jobs .  
Bernie Sanders , Superstar daveweigel Bloomberg Politics 
Higher education must become affordable for all .  
This is what class warfare looks like :  
Bernie speaks before a packed room in Ames , Iowa .  
Bernie :  We Must Protect and Expand Social Security 
It is time to invest more in our kids .  .  .  
Listen now :  Sanders on  Government must begin working for Middle Class people not just the billionaire class 
Bernie is on MSNBC now . 
Join Bernie Sanders for a town meeting in Ames , Iowa .  More info here :  
Bernie Sanders's   Bold Economic Agenda Seeks to Transform Politics
An Economic Agenda for America :  12 Steps Forward 
Act Now and Say NO to a Right-Wing Republican Agenda 
Join Bernie for a town meeting in Ames , Iowa .  More info here :  
We don't need huge tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations .  We need to end childhood poverty .  
Wal-Mart - Anyone can afford food there , except people who work for Wal-Mart .  - Stephen Colbert 
Bernie talks about election results on WBUR's     
Bernie talks with BillMoyers . com about breaking big money's   grip on our democracy :  
Election Day should be a national holiday .  Election2014 ElectionDay 
If we can bail out Wall Street , we can bail out families .  
On Sunday , Bernie and   spoke at a rally in St .  Albans , Vermont .  
Bernie speaks to a packed room in Hinesburg , Vt .  Vermont 
Happening now :  Bernie is speaking to a packed room in Bristol , Vermont .  
Sanders addresses a crowd of hundreds at the SanFrancisco U . U .  Church last night hosted by     
Why is it that .  .  .  
Happening now :  Bernie is speaking to the IAMAW in LasVegas .  1u
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Bernie Sanders vs .  the Billionaires -   Vox 
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Join Bernie for town meetings in SanFrancisco on Oct .  16 and 17 .  More info here :  
Bernie will be on CNN's   State of the Union talking with   about ISIS and Syria .  
Voter ID laws aren't really intended to discourage fraud , they're intended to discourage voting .  
Franklin D .  Roosevelt - 
Join Bernie for a town meeting this Friday at UNH .  More info here :  
Join Bernie this Friday at 5pm for a town meeting at   hosted by  More info :   UNH 
Isn't there a lesson here that we should be learning from Germany ?  
Must Read :  Sanders Addresses Hundreds in Iowa -    Iowa
This weekend Bernie will be back in Iowa .  Details here :  
We need to end childhood poverty .  
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has more low-paying jobs than any other major country .  
Franklin D .  Roosevelt .  .  .  
That's   an increase in wealth of almost $1 billion a month .  
Bernie speaks to a packed room at the Strafford County Democrats' fall celebration in Rollinsford , NewHampshire .  
Stay up to date with all of Bernie's   upcoming events in NewHampshire and Iowa :  
Let's   create a government that works for all Americans , and not just the wealthy few- opinion piece UnionLeader . com 
NH :  Bernie will be the keynote speaker at the annual   County Fall Celebration Saturday Sept .  27th 
1 out of 5 of our kids lives in poverty .  Join Bernie at  
Let's   not forget that Bush and Cheney got us into Iraq - the worst foreign policy blunder in modern American history .  
Franklin Delano Roosevelt , 1937 :  
The federal minimum wage of $7 . 25 is a starvation wage .  
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .  StrikeFastFood
There are a lot of folks who say :  It doesn't impact me .  FightFor15 MinimumWage 
A nation will not survive morally or economically when .  .  .  
On this Labor Day we salute the trade union movement .  
There are three major political organizations in this country .  
It is time to invest more in our kids - decent child care , education , housing and nutrition - and less in jails .  
How much money do the Koch brothers need ?  
Join Bernie here :   
Want to know why we have a federal deficit ?  
Get Koch Money Out of Politics :  
The Republicans talk about impeaching Obama .  Really ?  
Corporate welfare :  
Lift the cap to protect SocialSecurity .  
We must end the ability of the billionaire class to buy elections .  
Join Bernie here :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie :   
Join Bernie here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Stand with Bernie :   
Stand with Bernie :   
Restaurant CEOs Make More Money in Half a Day Than Their Employees Make in a Year -    
Join Bernie here :   
Say No to the Koch Brothers' Oligarchy :   KochBrothers
Join Bernie here :   
Since 2009 gas supplies are up 2 . 4% , demand is down 5% yet prices at the pump are up 40% . 
Join Bernie here :   
Bosses should not be able to impose their religious beliefs on their employees .  SCOTUS
Learn about the KochBrothers' toxic influence on our democracy and fight back :  
Join Bernie here :   
A Republican Case for Climate Action - The New York Times 
U . S .  health care system ranks lowest in international survey - CBS News 
CEO Pay Has Increased By 937 Percent Since 1978 -   Huffington Post 
Take action here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Take action here :   
Take action here :   
Join Bernie here :   
Why Democrats Need Bernie Sanders to Run for President - Michael Kazin ,  
Take a look at the poster from Bernie's   1981 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vermont .  TBT TBThursday 
Bernie Sanders for president ?  -   Washington Post 
18 million children have parents who will get a raise by increasing the minimum wage to $10 . 10 an hour .  FairShot 
The American Middle Class Is No Longer the World's   Richest - David Leonhardt and   The New York Times 
It's   no mystery why Monsanto would fight people's   right to know .  GMOlabeling 
The Terrible Fear of Paying the Poor Too Much - Leo Gerard , United Steelworkers 
Princeton Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 No Longer An Actual Democracy -   Talking Points Memo 
In 2012 Citigroup hid $42 . 6 billion in offshore tax havens to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 income taxes .  TaxReform
In 2012 Bank of America stashed $17 . 2 billion in offshore tax havens to avoid paying 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 income taxes . 
From '08-'13 Verizon made over $42 . 4 billion in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 profits and received a total tax refund of $732 million from the IRS . 
I'm afraid that if we don't create a strong progressive movement , then the big money interest will win once again :  
The RyanBudget is vulgar and obscene .  
The question facing the American people is :  Are we going to fight for our democracy or will it be taken over by billionaires ?  nhpolitics
The debate is over .  The scientific community has been very clear :  Global warming is real .  nhpolitics
In 1980 , Koch's   Libertarian party platform stated :  We oppose all personal and corporate income taxation , including capital gains taxes . 
A handful of self-serving billionaires have the capability to spend more money than Obama and Romney spent in their campaigns - combined . 
We need a political revolution in which the government works for ordinary people rather than the wealthy and their corporate lobbyists .  NH
In addressing our country's   problems , corporate-owned media , political gossip and five-second sound-bites are not going to work .  nhpolitics
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality in this country is immoral , un-American and unsustainable . 
Are we going to fight for our democracy or will it be taken over by billionaires ?  Take action here :  
Freedom of speech , in my view , does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .  McCutcheon 
'Horrible' Supreme Court Ruling , Sanders Says -    McCutcheon
The Kochs are prepared to spend an unlimited sum of money to create an America shaped by their right-wing extremist views . 
95% of all new income created in this country since the Great Recession went to the top 1% .  IncomeInequality
To equate the ability of billionaires to buy elections with 'freedom of speech' is totally absurd .  McCutcheon
The Koch brothers saw a $12 billion increase in their wealth last year and are now worth $80 billion .  IncomeInequality
Clearly the winners are the millionaires and billionaires in this country .  McCutcheon
Freedom of speech , in my view , does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government .  McCutcheon
The Walton family is now worth $148 billion - more wealth than the bottom 40% .  IncomeInequality
If we are serious about elections being fought over ideas , we must move toward public funding of elections .  
The average middle class American family earned less income last year than it did 25 years ago . 
A record breaking 46 . 5 million Americans lived in poverty last year . 
50% of Americans have less than $10 ,000 in their savings accounts .  Jobs IncomeInequality
More here :   IncomeInequality 
Income Gap , Meet the Longevity Gap - Annie Lowrey The New York Times 
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality in this country is immoral , un-American and unsustainable . 
We have created new idols .  .  .  - Pope Francis 
Meanwhile , the excluded are still waiting .  .  .  - Pope Francis 
Many people think that Congress regulates Wall Street , but in fact it is Wall Street that regulates Congress .  
Read more here :   RaiseTheWage 
Pew Research study shows A Rise in Wealth for the Wealthy ;  Declines for the Lower 93% :  
Check out the op-ed The Soul of America by   in Huffington Post regarding fiscalcliff and debtceiling 
John Nichols of The Nation has posted his Progressive Honor Roll of 2012 with Bernie Sanders topping the list 
Op-ed by   and Michael Copps in POLITICO regarding proposed FCC rule change allowing media consolidation 
Bernie named chair of the Veterans Affairs Committee It is a great honor .  .  . but it is an even greater responsibility 
ICYMI :  Check out Bernie's   OpEd on Daily Kos The People Have Spoken  VTPoli Budget FiscalCliff FixTheDebt Dems
Must Read :  Bernie's   OpEd on Daily Kos The People Have Spoken  VTPoli Budget FiscalCliff FixTheDebt GOP
Elections have consequences .  The American people have spoken .   Deficit Budget SocialSecurity FiscalCliff
Bernie on Ed Schultz The American people have been very clear  p2 VTPoli FiscalCliff CitizensUnited SocialSecurity
Coming up at 8pm EST - Bernie joins  on MSNBC's   Ed Schultz Don't miss it !  p2 VTPoli
Bernie rallying students at Castleton State College- vtpoli prog 
Volunteer to help get out the vote by signing up here :   Vt VTPoli
Join Bernie ,   and   this Sunday for a GOTV rally in Montpelier :   VT Vermont VTPoli
Help get out the vote :   Vt Vermont VTPoli GOTV Bernie2012
Please share this video widely and join Bernie in supporting   for VT State Auditor :   VTPoli P2 BTV
Help get out the vote :   Vt Vermont VTPoli GOTV Bernie2012
Help get out the vote in VT !  Find out how :   VTPoli BTV
Reminder :  With Sandy headed our way , get those Bernie2012 lawn signs in until the storm passes .  Stay safe everyone !  VT Vermont VTPoli
To folks w/ Bernie lawn signs :  please make sure to bring them in during the coming storm .  Let's   be safe out there !  VT Sandy
Bernie rallying Elizabeth Warren's   supporters in Northampton - spirited group here wrkng hard Elizabeth Warren prog 
Bernie firing up 300 trade unionists for Eliz Warren in Pittsfield MA prog Elizabeth Warren 
Another great turnout - over 175 in Manchester to discuss with Bernie how to stop Romney and the right vtpoli prog 
Must Read :  Labor unions , liberal groups fear lame-duck betrayal by Obama -   The Hill  SocialSecurity
ICYMI :  This is what we're doing in VT .  This is what we need to do all over this country  VTPoli P2 Bernie2012
Must Read :  The sham of Simpson-Bowles - Jan Schakowsky Reuters Top News  budget
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders :  Barack Obama Better Not Cut Social Security - Ian Gray and Ryan Grim :   SocialSecurity
Must see :  250+ attend Bernie rally in Putney .  This is what we're doing in VT ;  what we need to do all over the country :  
Wowser- over 250 come out in Putney to talk about the economy/election 2012 w/ Bernie- vtpolitics prog 
Great crowd in Hinesburg to discuss with Bernie what's   at stake in Nov election vtpoli prog 
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv Bernie2012
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv Bernie2012
Vermont early voting has begun .  Learn more here :   Vermont Vt Btv
Must Read :  The Battle for Congress - John Nichols The Nation 
News Update :  Fighting Back :   Vermont Vt p2
Welcome to Twitter ,   Vermont Vt
Must Read :  Redistributing wealth upward - Harold Meyerson Washington Post 
Between 2009-2010 , 93% of all new income went to the top 1% . 
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% . 
Large corporations and the wealthy are avoiding $100 billion in taxes every year by setting up offshore tax shelters . 
Hedge fund managers who made $1 billion in 2010 now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters and police officers . 
Bernie rocking the Hub in Johnson over 150 students talking student debt , women's   issues and the environment vtpoli 
Bernie describing GOP extremism at pig roast in Troy- big crowd .  
Wow- over 175 come out to Portsmouth NH to discuss with Bernie why Romney would be a disaster for workers prog vtpoli 
Happening 9/22 :  Join Bernie in Portsmouth , NH for free brunch and to discuss what's   at stake this November .   NHPolitics
The Bush tax breaks for the wealthiest 1% alone , cost about $1 trillion over a 10-year period .  Budget
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of income of any major country in the industrialized world .  
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars in 2010 now pay a lower effective tax rate than many nurses . 
Overflow crowd at Ryegate Firehouse to discuss Election 2012 with the nation's   leading progressive vtpoli prog 
These are tough and frightening times for our country .  Despair is not an option .  The fight continues .   p2 vtpoli
Bernie finishing the day in Concord NH at a packed IBEW Hall- great day in the Granite State .  prog nhpoli vtpoli 
Happening now - join Bernie for dinner and a rally in Concord NH :   NHPolitics p2
Bernie rallies 300 at Dartmouth with SEIU and students .  
Happening at 3 pm - Join Bernie at a rally at Dartmouth College in Hanover NH !   VotersRising p2
Bernie talking about shrinking middle class at packed Claremont NH mtg- and danger of Romney presidency prog vtpoli 
Coming up at noon - join Bernie in Claremont NH for lunch and a rally :   NHPolitics p2 WhatsAtStake
Packed house at The Pub in Keene to hear the nation's   leading progressive talk Election 2012 vtpoli prog 
Happening now !  Bernie is on his way to Keene NH for a rally .  More info here :   NHPolitics 2012
This Saturday's   final NewHampshire event w/ Bernie will be in Concord :   More events :   p2 NH
Also Saturday , join Bernie in Claremont , NH at noon  and Dartmouth College at 3pm  NHPolitics p2
Happening Saturday 9/15 - Bernie goes to NewHampshire !  Join Bernie in Keene , NH at 9 : 30 am :   p2 vtpoli NHPolitics
Must Read :  Rich-Poor Gap Widens to Most Since 1967 as Income Falls - Catherine Dodge and Frank Bass ,  
The Paul Ryan budget would end Medicare as we know it within 10 years . 
Let us never forget that when Bill Clinton left office in 2001 , this country enjoyed a healthy $236 billion surplus . 
Under Paul Ryan's   budget , nearly 2 million children would lose their health insurance over the next 5 years . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  
If we don't create a strong progressive movement , then the big money interest will win once again :  
Bernie at last nights sunset cruise/bday w Wally Watson pres of the Intntl Asc machinists local in Derby VT vtpoli 
Bernie decries Republican extremism at VT AFL-CIO Convention 
Join Bernie in NH to discuss what's   at stake for the country in the 2012 election this November .  More info :   p2
The deficit and debt are serious issues , but we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly , the children , the sick and the poor . 
Join Bernie on Monday for events in Burlington and Middlebury .  More details here :   BTV VT Middlebury Midd
Join Bernie Sept 3rd for a LaborDay celebration in BTV !  There'll be free food , music and activities for kids .   VT p2
Join Bernie's   email list and stay up to date with his reelection campaign :  
Weigh in and take Bernie's   new poll on national priorities :   p2 DNC2012
Join Bernie Sunday at 5 : 30pm in White River Junction for dinner .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for lunch at 12pm in Springfield .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for brunch at 9 : 30am in Woodstock .  More details here :   Vt Vermont
Join Bernie Sunday at 5 : 30pm in White River Junction for dinner .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie Sunday for lunch at 12pm in Springfield .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Join Bernie this weekend for events in Woodstock , Springfield , and White River Junction .  Details here :   Vermont Vt
In 2010 , the richest 1% of Americans received 93% of all of the new income earned that year . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
SocialSecurity has not contributed one nickel to our deficit or our national debt . 
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Coming up at 5 : 30pm :  Bernie hosts a dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a brunch in Burlington .  More details here :   Btv Vermont Vt
Happening now :  Bernie is hosting a lunch in Middletown Springs .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Coming up at 12pm :  Bernie will host a lunch in Middletown Springs .  More details here :   Vermont Vt
Right now Bernie is hosting a brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Coming up at 9 : 30am :  Bernie hosts a brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Join Bernie on Sunday at 5 : 30pm for dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Join Bernie on Saturday at 9 : 30am for brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
Join Bernie on Sunday at 5 : 30pm for dinner in Morrisville .  More details here :   Vermont Vt Morrisville
Join Bernie on Saturday at 9 : 30am for brunch in Brandon .  More details here :   Vermont Vt BrandonVt
The PaulRyan budget would kick up to 10 million Americans off Food Stamps .  hunger poverty
Join Bernie this weekend in Brandon , Middletown Springs , Burlington and Morrisville .  All details here :   Vt
The PaulRyan budget makes the Bush tax cuts permanent - that's   over $1 trillion in tax cuts to the wealthiest 2% and large corporations . 
I think what the fight here is about , is defeating the oligarchic form of government that Romney and PaulRyan want .  
PaulRyan's   budget would make huge cuts in SocialSecurity , Medicare , Medicaid and education while giving more tax breaks to billionaires . 
The PaulRyan budget would slash college Pell grants by about 60% next year alone .  RyanBudget
PaulRyan's   budget would slash funding for roads , bridges , rail lines , transit systems , and airports by nearly 40% next year alone . 
The Romney-Ryan ticket is waging war against the middle class and must be defeated .  PaulRyan Budget
Must Read :  How to measure the worth of Social Security -   CJR  SocialSecurity
Must Read :  Corporate Fraud Cases Often Spare Individuals - Shift6 and  The New York Times  Fraud
In 2010 , the richest 1% of Americans received 93% of all of the new income earned that year . 
From 1980-2005 , the top 1% earned about 80% of all of the new income earned during that 25 year time period . 
Volunteer to help reelect Bernie here :   Btv Vermont Vt Montp
Middle class families have seen their income go down by more than $3 ,600 since 1999 .  Vermont p2
Millions of Americans are working 2 or 3 jobs , just to make ends meet .  Jobs Vermont
A great panel talking about middle class struggles at Bernie's   town meeting in St .  Albans this evening .  VT Vermont 
Bernie packs the house at the Matterhorn in Stowe .  Vermont Vt 
Stay up to date with Bernie's   reelection campaign here :  
Must Read :  Climate change the cause of summer's   extreme weather , Congress told - Suzanne Goldenberg The Guardian 
Must Read :  Deficit debate driven by the wealthy -  Los Angeles Times 
73% of Americans believe global temperatures have increased over the last century . 
Must Read :  The Conversion of a Climate-Change Skeptic - Richard Muller , The New York Times  ClimateChange
If we do nothing , the science is clear that temperatures will continue to increase and sea levels will continue to rise . 
In 2009 Exxon Mobil not only paid nothing in federal income taxes , but actually received a $156 million rebate from the IRS that year . 
Ending the Bush tax breaks for the top 2% would reduce the deficit by about $1 trillion over the next decade . 
Huge crowd at Maple Corner Community Center for Bernie's   town hall meeting !  
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Banks Spawn 10 ,000 Units Worldwide to Cut Taxes -   
Must Read :  CEOs and Simpson-Bowles 3 . 0 - Steven Pearlstein :   Taxes
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Poverty on Track to Rise to Highest Since 1960s - Hope Yen , The Associated Press  Poverty Jobs
Must Read :  The Postal Service is struggling , but not because of the mail - Fredric Rolando , Washington Post 
June broke or tied 3 ,215 high-temperature records across the United States .  - Bill McKibben Rolling Stone 
Must Read :  Global Warming's   Terrifying New Math - Bill McKibben Rolling Stone  ClimateChange
Instead of asking the very wealthy to pay a nickle more in taxes they want to go after the sick , poor , and elderly . 
The 6 largest financial institutions in our country have assets worth 2/3 of the United States' GDP - over 9 trillion dollars . 
We have the most unequal distribution of wealth and income since the 1920s and more than any other major country on earth . 
An American dies every 12 minutes largely because they don't have health insurance .  ACA
After having caused the recession , it appears the large financial institutions have learned nothing .  WallSt ows
If we do not begin to reverse greenhouse gas emissions , climate change around the world will only get worse .  ClimateChage
The percentage of income going to the top 1% has nearly tripled since the 1970s .  Greed
Must Read :  Tax-Exempt Groups Shield Political Gifts of Businesses - Mike McIntire and Nicholas Confessore , The New York Times 
Must Read :  Editorial :  Court decision on political spending exceedingly harmful - National Catholic Reporter :  
Must Read :  The Wall Street Scandal of All Scandals - Robert Reich Huffington Post 
Must Read :  Glaxo Gets a Slap on the Wrist - Larry Bodine :  
See Bernie in Montpelier at 6pm :   Montp Vermont
Meet Bernie this week in Montpelier , Burlington , Warren or Brandon .   Vermont Btv
This Saturday  ( 6/23 )  in Rutland , join Bernie to discuss what's   at stake in the 2012 election .  RSVP here :   vtpoli vt
Please RT :  Bernie on Daily Kos Real Fed Reform :  Throw the Fox Out of the Hen House  Fed JPM JPMorgan WallSt ows
In 2011 , the oil , gas , and coal industries spent a combined $167 million on lobbying the federal government .  EndFossilFuelSubsidies
Join Bernie to discuss his re-election effort and what's   at stake for the country .  RSVP here :  
Through strong grass-roots activity in Vermont and around the country , we can change the direction of this country .  
Let's   be clear .  This is not just Jamie Dimon .  Bernie talks about Fed conflicts of interest on MSNBC  OWS P2
It is beyond comprehension that our Republican friends will not support infrastructure legislation .  Bernie on MSNBC 
The percentage of income going to the top 1% has nearly tripled since the 1970s . 
Must Read :  The vicious cycle of economic inequality - Joseph Stiglitz , POLITICO  budget
No more austerity for working families .  It's   time for austerity for the top 1% Bernie's   Progressive Budget :   p2
Must Read :  Family Net Worth Drops to Level of Early '90s , Fed Says - Binyamin Appelbaum The New York Times 
130 million Americans have no dental insurance and a quarter of adults age 65 or older have lost all their teeth . 
Over 50 ,000 manufacturing plants in America have been shut down over the past decade .  Bernie2012
The largest 6 banks in America have more than $9 trillion in assets .  That's   equal to 62% of our nation's   GDP .  Fed WallSt
We need to go back to boring banking and away from the casino gambling on Wall Street .  WallSt
The typical CEO got stock awards worth $3 . 6 million in 2011 , up 11% from the year before .  ows p2
The 4 largest banks in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 issue two-thirds of all credit cards ;  half of all mortgages ;  and hold nearly 40% of all bank deposits .  ows Fed
Together we CAN change the direction of this country .  Please don't ever forget that , even in these difficult times .  
Bernie on MSNBC Class warfare .  .  .  is being waged against middle class and working families of this country .   p2 OWS
Read Bernie's   progressive budget and sign up to be a cosponsor :   Vermont p2 wi
Join the campaign on Facebook :   Twitter :   Or by newsletter :   Bernie2012
Join the campaign by signing up to read Bernie's   newsletter :   Vermont p2
Must Read :  GOP groups plan record $1 billion blitz - POLITICO 
Stay up to date with Bernie's   election campaign by receiving his campaign newsletter :  
Nationally , middle class families have seen their income go down by more than $2 ,600 since 1999 .  Jobs Vermont
During the presidency of George W .  Bush , the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 lost over 600 ,000 private sector jobs .  jobs
It's   what we call 'boring banking . ' MSNBC video :  End Wall Street as a 'gambling casino' -  JPMorgan Fed P2
GlaxoSmithKline agreed to pay $3 billion to end an investigation into illegal sales and marketing practices .   Fraud
Pfizer paid $49 million to settle charges that it defrauded the Medicaid program by overcharging for the drug Lipitor .  
Super PACs have spent over $112 million this election cycle .   CitizensUnited
In 2009 , prices for patented medicines in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 were 85% higher than in Canada , and approximately 150% higher than in France . 
Large corporations have a record-breaking $2 trillion in cash on hand , yet Republicans and some Dems want to lower corporate taxes further . 
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60 percent over the last decade .  budget
Why is Jamie Dimon on a Federal Reserve board ?  -  CNNMoney  JPMorgan Fed
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Budget
Jamie Dimon Should Resign From the Board Of The New York Fed -Simon Johnson , Huffington Post  JPMorgan WallSt
In 2005 , 1/4 large corporations paid no income taxes at all even though they collected $1 . 1 trillion in revenue over that one year period . 
93% of all new income between 2009 and 2010 went to the top 1% .   Vermont p2
It is time to shift the debate away from devastating budget cuts to a progressive alternative .   p2 Vermont Vt
Sign up to receive Bernie's   email newsletter here :   Vermont p2
We need financial institutions to be investing in the productive economy :   p2 JPMorgan WallStreet ows occupy
News Update :  Say No to Austerity :   Vermont p2 Bernie2012
Take Bernie's   latest poll here :   Vermont Btv Montp p2 budget tax
Bernie talks about the mess at JPMorgan on MSNBC These guys have learned nothing .   OWS P2 WallSt
Bernie stops to meet people at the Maple Fest parade in St .  Albans .  Vermont Bernie2012 
Make sure to join Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv p2 ows
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Advocates a Free Market in AIDS Drugs - Dean Baker  Vermont p2 AIDS HIV
Keep up to date with news from Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv
Join Bernie's   campaign on Facebook here :   Vermont Btv p2 ows
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders Brings the Anti-Austerity Fight to America
Here's   a picture of Bernie at the Maple Fest parade in St .  Albans last weekend .  Vermont Bernie2012 
From 1978-2011 , CEO compensation increased more than 725% while worker compensation grew 5 . 7% .  Vermont
From 1979-2007 , annual earnings for the top 0 . 1% grew 362% while those in the bottom 90% grew only 17% . 
Must Read :  CEO pay and the top 1% - Economic Policy Inst 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
Must Read :  Special Report :  Inside Chesapeake , CEO ran $200 million hedge fund - Reuters Top News  GasPrices Oil
Here's   the poster from Bernie's   successful 1987 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vt .  BTV Vermont p2 
Check out the poster from Bernie's   successful 1985 campaign for Mayor of Burlington , Vt .  Btv Vermont .  
Join Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Btv p2
Support Bernie's   Progressive budget here :   Vermont Btv p2 budget SocialSecurity
Here is the poster from Bernie's   successful 1983 campaign for Mayor of BTV , Vermont .   
Must Read :  Lehman Bros .  elite stood to get $700 million - Walter Hamilton , Andrew Tangel and Stuart Pfeifer , Los Angeles Times 
Take a look at the poster from Bernie's   successful 1981 campaign for Mayor of BTV , Vermont :  
Please RT :  rec Bernie's   latest Daily Kos post to keep it on the rec list :  The Progressive Alternative :   SharedSacrifice
Sign up to get email updates from Bernie's   reelection campaign here :   Vermont Vt Btv
Please rec & share Bernie's   latest post on Daily Kos The Progressive Alternative :   SharedSacrifice
Sign up to volunteer on Bernie's   reelection campaign here :   BTV Vermont VT
Must Read :  Post Offices Face Hurdles in Efforts to Diversify - Ron Nixon , The New York Times  USPS PostalService
Must Read :  Six Rigged Rules Corporations Use to Dodge Taxes - The Nation  
Stay up to date with Bernie's   reelection campaign by Liking him on Facebook here :   Vt Vermont Btv
Must Read :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Multinationals Hiring At Much Faster Rate Overseas - Alexander Eichler , Huffington Post  Jobs
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many teachers .  budget
There are ways we can create decent paying jobs .  Giving tax breaks to billionaires happens to not be one of them .  
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% .  poverty budget
Must Read :  Workers' Pay Divide Persists - Neil Shah 
Between 2009 & 2010 , 93% of all new income went to the top 1% & 99% of the people shared 7%  BuffettRule VT OWS
We're moving rapidly toward an oligarchic form of govt .  where almost all wealth & power resides in the hands of the very rich .  BuffettRule
The wealthiest 400 people in America now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans .  BuffettRule FairShare
Must Read :  An economic recovery that leaves workers further behind - Harold Meyerson Washington Post  FairShare jobs
Must Read :  Why the Buffett Rule Sets the Bar Too Low - Robert Reich  BuffettRule FairShare
Class warfare is being waged in America .  .  .  and sadly the wrong side is winning -  BuffettRule Taxes OWS Vt
Must Read :  Oil Speculators :  The Damage Is Real -   TheStreet  GasPrices oil gas
In 2010 , 93% of the total income increase went to the top 1% and only 7% to the bottom 99% .   ( Source :  The New York Times 
Must Read :  Welfare Limits Left Poor Adrift as Recession Hit - Jason DeParle , The New York Times  jobs poverty
Over 50 ,000 manufacturing plants in America have been shut down over the past decade .  jobs
In 2010 compared to 2009 , 93% of all of the new income created went to the top 1 percent .   OWS Occupy Jobs
Must Read :  Fossil-fuel subsidies :  Helping the richest get richer - Bill McKibben 
The rich are different ;  they get richer - Harold Meyerson , Washington Post 
Sign up to volunteer with Bernie's   campaign here :   Vermont Vt
Want to get involved in the election season ?  Volunteer to be a part of Bernie's   campaign :   BTV Vermont POTUSVt
Sanders , Dems push oil speculation vote on tax bill - The Hill's   E2-Wire :   GasPrices Vt
Between 1980 and 2005 , 80% of all new income created in this country went to the top 1% . 
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world . 
Now is the Time :  Read Bernie's   letter to his supporters :   Vermont
Must Read :  Too Big To Bank There -   Wall Street Journal  OWS occupy TBTF
Must Read :  The Rich Get Even Richer - Steven Rattner The New York Times  Vermont Vt RichGetRicher
Like Bernie's   campaign Facebook page and be entered to win a signed copy of his book , The Speech .  Raffle ends on 4/2 :  
According to Economic Policy Inst the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 economy loses approximately 9k jobs for every $1 billion of goods that are imported from overseas . 
Volunteer to be a part of Bernie's   reelection :   Vermont Vt
FACT CHECK :  More 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 drilling didn't drop gas price -   The Associated Press 
Sanders' 'Buy American' crusade helps Middlebury company -      Vermont Vt
Have we learned nothing ?  Deregulating Wall Street led to the worst financial crisis since the 1930s .  JobsAct
Now the same people who caused this horrible recession are telling us that more Wall Street deregulation will create jobs .  JobsACT jobs
See the gap between what individuals and corporations pay in federal income taxes .  Source :     ows p2
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Vt ows p2
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60% over the last decade .  Vermont
Hedge fund managers who made a billion dollars last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters .  WallStreet
See how Super PAC money is influencing our presidential election cycle :   Source :   Election2012
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has the most unequal distribution of wealth and income of any major country in the industrialized world .  Vermont ows p2
Low-income adults are almost twice as likely as higher-income adults to have gone without a dental check up in the last year .  DentalCare
By 2018 , 2/3 of all jobs will require post-secondary education .  Projections show that the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 will be 3 million degrees short .  Education
The 6 largest financial institutions now have assets that are equal to 60% of the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 GDP :   ows p2
Wall Street has spent $5 billion over a 10 year period lobbying for less regulation .  Vermont Vt p2 ows
Cash , special interests , dominate political process -   Vermont Florida CitizensUnited
Auction 2012 :  How The Bank Lobby Owns Washington - Dan Froomkin and Paul Blumenthal :   Vermont
Vermonters Vote to Undo Citizens United :   Vermont CitizensUnited
Volunteer to help with Bernie's   re-election campaign here :   Vermont UVM BTV
Once again , speculators behind sharply rising oil and gasoline prices - McClatchy Newspapers .   Vermont GasPrices
Over 16 million low-income children go each year w/o seeing a dentist - Read Bernie's   recent OpEd :   DentalCrisis
On Tuesday a total of 64 Vermont towns voted to overturn the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited ruling .  TMDVt VermontLeads
As of now   is reporting that 50 Vermont towns voted in favor of overturning the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited decision . 
  is reporting that 25 Vermont towns have voted in favor of overturning the Supreme Court's   CitizensUnited ruling .  TMDVt
I'm Ben , I'm a person .  I'm Jerry , I'm a person .  Ben & Jerry's   ice cream ?  Not a person .  - Ben & Jerry speaking against CitizensUnited .  Vt
In my view , a corporation does not have first amendment rights to spend as much money as it wants without disclosure on political campaigns . 
Corporate tax revenue in 2010 was 27% smaller than 2000 , even though corporate profits are up 60% over the last decade .  Vermont p2
The wealthiest 400 people in America now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans .  Vermont
$1 trillion in profits over the past decade :  
Join Bernie's   campaign by signing up for his newsletter here :   Vermont
Since 2000 , over 5 . 5 million manufacturing jobs have been lost in America .  Vermont
50 million Americans have no health insurance and 45k Americans die each year b/c they don't have access to health care .  Vermont
Bank of America received a $1 . 9 billion tax refund from the IRS in 2010 , even though it made $4 . 4 billion in profits .  Vt ows p2
Hedge fund managers who made $1 billion last year now pay a lower effective tax rate than many firefighters & police officers .  Vermont Vt
Large corporations and the wealthy are avoiding $100 billion in taxes each year by using offshore tax shelters .  Vt Vermont Vtpoli
All over the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 , road and bridge projects are being outsourced to Chinese firms :   Jobs p2 ows
From 1980 to 2005 , 80 percent of all new income created in this country went to the top 1 percent . 
Become a citizen co-sponsor of the Saving American Democracy amendment here :   Vermont CitizensUnited
9 : 30pmET on MSNBC Bernie will be talking with Rachel Maddow MSNBC about his effort to make voting available to all citizens .  Vermont Vt
Stay up to date with Bernie's   campaign by joining his email newsletter here :   Vt Vermont Vtpoli p2 ows
Must Read :  The Post Office Is Not Broke
Must Read :  Bernie Sanders News Update 1/31/12 :   CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy OWS
From Daily Kos Bernie Sanders proposes to ax fossil-fuel subsidies and add 10 million sun-powered rooftops :   NoKXL
Miust Read :  Rep Ted Deutsch OpEd :  Cash , special interests , dominate political process miamiherald :   CitizensUnited
American Prospect - Vermonters United :   CitizensUnited vt SavingDemocracy
Keystone XL Protest on Capitol Hill Seeks to 'Blow the Whistle' on Big Oil , Congress 
The corporate barbarians are through the gate of American democracy .  Read more :   CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy
Check out Bernie talking about fighting CitizensUnited on MSNBC's   Up w/ Christopher Hayes  ( ~9 : 30 in )  :   SavingDemocracy
New Statesman - Top 20 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Progressives :  Bernie Sanders :  
Wath Bernie on MSNBC talking w/ Ed Schultz about CitizensUnited & SavingDemocracy :  
Please share & rec Bernie's   latest Daily Kos post on fighting back against CitizensUnited :   OWS PowerOfThePeople
As we approach 2nd anniversary of CitizensUnited , join Bernie , Daily Kos & DFA in pledging to fight back in 2012 :   OWS
Sanders praises EPA coal ruling :  Rutland Herald Online 
OpEd :  The change I believe in by Katrina vanden Heuvel :  Washington Post :  
Payroll and pipeline politics , Vermont style :  Burlington Free Press :   nokxl
Please share & Rec Bernie's   Daily Kos post & petition :  Saving Our Democracy  CitizensUnited Occupy
Postal Service to Delay Shutting Offices , Processing Centers :   
Wasington Post :  Postal service to delay closures 
Bernie will be on The Situation Room w/  Sanders :  Corporations are not people  CitizensUnited SavingDemocracy
CountdownKO producer Joe Lapointe on Bernie Sanders' Quixotic attempt to reverse judicial Reaganism  CitizensUnited
Bernie on MSNBC's   Politics Nation talking about fighting CitizensUnited :   savingdemocracy occupy
Bernie on MSNBC's   Dylan Ratigan Show :  Reining in corporations :   CitizensUnited savingdemocracy occupy
But behind all those statistics is flesh & blood & good people doing all they can to survive .  filibernie
1 year ago :  Rolling Stone Politics :  Bernie Sanders Puts Barack Obama to Shame -  filibernie
Over 12 million Americans have lost health insurance in the last ten years .  filibernie
People are going cold .  People don't have enough food .  People are homeless .  filibernie
1 in 4 bridges is structurally deficient according to DOT .  Will tax breaks for millionaires fix America's   infrastructure ?  filibernie
1 year ago :  Bernie appeared on Keith Olbermann  to talk about the filibernie
How can anybody be proud to say I'm a multimillionaire & I'm getting a huge tax break while 1/4 of kids are on food stamps ?  filibernie
Effective tax rates for the top four hundred income earners in America were cut almost in half from 1992 to 2007 .  filibernie
1 year ago :  Even Stephen Colbert mentioned Bernie & his filibuster on   filibernie
Bernie on MSNBC Reining in corporations :   filibernie
Blurt :   Staff Blog :  Sanders Introduces Constitutional Amendment to Overturn CitizensUnited Ruling 
Bernie's   Saving American Democracy Amendment makes clear corps not entitled to human rights & that corps may be regulated CitizensUnited
There comes a time when an issue is so important the only way to address it is by a constitutional amendment CitizensUnited filibernie
The point that needs to be made is that when is enough , enough ?  filibernie
  Wrong time to cut postal jobs , Sanders says :  
VPR News :  Sanders Fights Postal Service Layoffs :  
Parties roll out dueling payroll tax proposals :  Manu Raju and Jake Sherman :  POLITICO 
'Eat More Kale' T-Shirts Challenged by Chick-fil-A :   eatmorekale
Bernie on MSNBC's   Ed Show :  Republicans on the defensive :   payrolltaxcut socialsecurity
VPR News :  Sanders Wants To Form Bi-Partisan Support For Heating Assistance 
Bernie Sanders confronts defense contractor fraud
NY Times' Mark Bittman visits BTV's   Intervale :  Making Local Food Real :   We're in the midst of a food revolution
VPR News :  Leahy , Sanders Want To Extend , Expand Payroll Tax Cut 
  Supercommittee failure not all bad , Sanders says :   Do I think no deal is better than a bad deal ?  I do . 
MSNBC Ed Schultz Supercommittee fails , President blames Republicans :   The American people are the winners
Sanders :  Obama 'dead wrong' if he cedes taxes on rich in debt deal - The Hill's   Blog Briefing Room :  
Bernie on MSNBC Politics of fairness :   American people want def .  reduction , but in a way that is fair & responsible
VPR News :  Sanders Differs With Leahy , Welch On Deficit Deal  We need some social justice in this country . 
MSNBC Big wins for the Dems in last night's   election :   If Dems do what the American people want , they can win
International Business Times :  Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Process Investigated by Inspector General  nokxl
  Can Occupy Wall Street Push Us To Single Payer ?   OWS Occupy
  editorial :  Postal woes continue :   It is time for the Postal Service to move into the future
  State Department inspector to review pipeline process  NoKXL
The Washington Times WH urged to defer final decision on oil pipeline :   This is a critically important issue noKXL
Daily Kos Breaking :  Has Keystone XL hit a roadblock ?  
  Sanders champions Postal Service  Our goal must be to make the post office smarter and more competitive . 
Sanders to propose postal fix - WCAX :   In midst of recession last thing country needs is to lay off 100 ,000 Americans
No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid !  Bernie's   diary is still on Daily Kos rec list !  Help keep it there :  
Help keep Bernie's   Daily Kos diary at the top of the recommend list :  No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid 
Please read & rec Bernie's   new diary on Daily Kos No Cuts to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid 
Bernie on MSNBC GOP blocks another jobs bill :  
Sanders :  Transformative moment :   OWS Occupy
Bernie on CNBC Long overdue for us to focus on greed , illegal behavior , & recklessness of Wall St  OWS Occupy
Obama's   Keystone Test from NRDC's     
MSNBC Ed Show :  Social Security cuts on the table in debt talks - 
Chalk this up as a major victory for the American people POLITICO Bank of America nixes $5 debit card fee  OWS
MSNBC Which party is manipulating the poor Americans ?  - 
POLITICO Social Security appears on deficit panel agenda - Jake Sherman and Manu Raju :  
MSNBC Ed Show :  Whirlpool is washing 5 ,000 jobs down the drain :   Corporate greed is destroying the Middle-Class OWS
Lawmakers push Defense fraud , waste report to influence supercommittee cuts -  :  
 :  Bernie Sanders' war on the banks  OCcupyWallStreet OWS
ICYMI :  Bernie on The Situation Room w/  Romney attacks on Obama 'unfair' cnn 
Report :  Fed directors benefited from bailouts 
Shocking Report Reveals the Pentagon's   Addiction to Fraudulent Contractors
Help with vtrecovery at VT Cleanup Day this Saturday , 10/22 !  
Burlington Free Press :  Sanders calls free trade agreements 'disastrous' 
cnn Situation Room w/ Wolf Blitzer - Sanders applauds Wall Street protests -  OccupyWallStreet OWS
Boston Globe - Sanders chides hospitals for pushing for increase in age of Medicare eligibility - 
The Politics of Occupy Wall Street :  Bernie Sanders , Progressives , Big Unions Endorse ;  Obama's   Silent
Bernie on the Ed Show :  'The wrong class is winning' -  OccupyWallStreet OccupyWallSt
Join Bernie on a Conference Call About Social Security on Thursday at 7 : 30 pm EST - 
ICYMI :  Dylan Ratigan Show :  Street protest the only recourse for disempowered Americans :   OccupyWallStreet OccupyWallSt
WPTZ :  Solar Farm Creates Breakthrough With Vt .  Air National Guard :  Solar Energy To Save Military Money , Protect Env .  .  .  
Sanders to Obama :  Fully fund LIHEAP - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Burlington Free Press - Sanders addresses Postal Service rally - 
Must read :  President Obama shouldn't be afraid of a little class warfare - Washington Post - 
Support Bernie's   bill to save Social Security - Sign and RT this White House petition :   SocialSecurity
Please share and rec Bernie's   Daily Kos article - Why do Republicans hate Social Security ?  - 
Bernie on The Ed Show :  House Republicans say Pres .  Obama is campaigning , not a leader  ( MSNBC )  - 
Bernie on Martin Bashir - GOP , Democrats at odds over economy - 
Rally on Capitol Hill :  'Medicaid Matters'
Crowd of 8 ,500 at Fighting Bob Fest Shows Wisconsin Struggle Continues - Working In These Times :  
Sanders , liberal Dems express 'deep disappointment' over Obama's   smog retreat - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Must read :  Time to Declare a New War on Poverty
Harkin steak fry lifts liberals , lampoons GOP 2012ers
Thousands Cheer Bernie Sanders' Appeal to Obama , Super Committee :  Make the Rich Pay for Deficits
from the   - Part 1 :  My notes and The Speeches of Fighting Bob Fest 2011  - featuring videos of Bernie
MSNBC's   Hardball w/ Chris Matthews - Poverty rate becomes highest in decades - 
Vermont Edition :  Market Solutions To Climate Change ;  Rising Poverty Rates 
Liberals fear payroll-tax holiday will undermine Social Security - TheHill . com :  
The Guardian - The decline and fall of the American middle class
Business Insider - The Fallout Has Begun Over Bernie Sanders' Release Of Confidential Trading Data - 
Dems :  Great speech , now walk the walk - TheHill . com :  
Sanders :  If we can afford to rebuild overseas we can afford to rebuild Vermont - The Hill's   Video :  
Countdown w/ Keith Olbermann - Sanders , Ellison and Grijalva react to Obama's   speech - 
Bernie's   entire Middlebury Labor Day Rally speech is now up on the Friends of Bernie Sanders website - check it out :  
VPR News :  Lawmakers Fight Over Emergency Funding 
Job Speech Important to Liberals  :  Roll Call News 
Democrats fear it's   too late - TheHill . com :  
Oil Prices :  Sanders Says Speculators Keeping Crude Artificially High 
Due to rain , Bernie's   Labor Day Rallies will be held at the indoor locations .  Details :   
Reminder :  Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Burlington Free Press - Obama approves major disaster aid for Vermont - 
Burlington Free Press - Vermont delegation wins protesters' approval on pipeline issue - 
Bernie on CNN - 'There's   a lot of despair' in Vermont cnn 
MSNBC's   The Ed Show :  Bernie Sanders says Eric Cantor is destroying the fabric of America - 
New York Times - Federal Austerity Changes Disaster Relief :  
Several Democrats attack State .  Dept .  pipeline finding - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Reminder :  Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Must read :  Martin Luther King Jr Would Want a Revolution , Not a Memorial - Editorial by Cornel West - 
Sanders :  Strengthen Social Security by taxing large incomes
Burlington Free Press - Sanders proposes Social Security reform - 
Join Bernie in Burlington for a Labor Day Rally Sept 5th at noon - Free food and music !  
Ed Show :  Bachmann still thinks she can make gas prices drop below two dollars a gallon -  - Bernie & Ed talk oil futures
VPR News :  Sanders Takes Budget Fight Across The Country 
International Business Times - Sanders Sponsors Bill to Curb Oil Speculation - 
Burlington Free Press - Sanders releases oil trading data , traders concerned - 
Bernie Sanders :  America Needs a Bold Jobs Plan
Bernie on Ed Schultz GOP criticizes Obama on jobs , having created none - 
Bernie will take the stage at the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2W Convention at 5 pm  ( EDT )  to talk about Jobs Crisis - we'll post video as soon as it's   available USW11
  - Justice Department stays out of Vermont Yankee dispute - 
So , we have a real crisis in terms of unemployment & yet we have enormous needs in this country that have to be .  .  .  
Don't forget , Bernie is on Thom Hartmann's   show every Friday at noon .  Check out Thom's   website for radio stations .  .  .  
[Republicans] have been enormously successful in saying they will defend .  .  .  the richest people .  .  .  & largest .  .  .  
Who's   the radical ?  - Bennington Banner :  
What this legislation does is deficit reduction on the backs of the elderly , the sick , the children , and some of .  .  .  
Bernie Sanders :  Debt Deal is Immoral , Grotesque , Unfair
VPR News :  Vermont Delegation Split On Debt Ceiling Vote 
What this proposal is about is that the wealthy - the millionaires , the billionaires , the oil companies , the .  .  .  
Must Read :   - The President Surrenders on Debt Ceiling - 
Sanders calls debt plan 'huge victory' for GOP
Fuel efficiency :  Will new rules cure 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 addiction to foreign oil ?  - CSMonitor . com 
 .  .  . the American people are angry .  .  .  They are in the midst of a horrible recession - real unemployment 16% , wages .  .  .  
If the Republicans have their way , the entire burden of deficit reduction will be placed on the elderly , the .  .  .  
Amazing - over 5000 people have now liked this page - can we pass 10 ,000 by next week ?  Please share Friends of .  .  .  
I thought it was a good speech - it probably should have been given 6 or 7 months ago .  .  .  Check out Bernie's   .  .  .  
HuffPost Politics - How House Progressives Can Save the Debt Ceiling Deal  .  .  .  and the Middle Class - 
HuffPost Politics - Bernie Sanders Gets Sarcastic , Rips Gang Of Six Plan - 
Bernie on proposed social security cuts and 'Gang of Six' - Bill Press Show - 
Gang of Six Plan ?  Not So Fast , Says Bernie Sanders
Wow , what a response - Bernie's   diary is number one on the Daily Kos recommended list - help keep it there by .  .  .  
Bernie just posted a new diary on Daily Kos - check it out and give it a Rec !  
This is a pivotal moment in the history of our country .  Decisions being made now will impact not only our lives , .  .  .  
Check out this great video of a temporary art installation by artists Ligorano/Reese .  The video's   soundtrack .  .  .  
Elections Have Consequences 
Lawmakers tune in to social media
When the wealthiest people in this country are becoming wealthier & their tax rates are the lowest in 50 years ;  .  .  .  
Sanders :  Obama proposal would impoverish 250 ,000 - The Hill's   On The Money :  
Obama faces heat from the left over Social Security - latimes . com 
Sanders calls for 's  hared sacrifice' - Bennington Banner :  
VPR News :  With Petition In Hand , Sanders Pushes For Tax On Wealthy 
Heard on the Hill :  Bernie's   Budget Bombardment  :  Roll Call News 
If we're going to come up with a serious deficit reduction package , it must include contributions from the .  .  .  
The Nation Bernie Sanders to Obama and the Democrats :  Stand Up to the Economic and Political Schoolyard Bullies' .  .  
We need the White House to play a leadership role & go out to the American people & take the debate outside the .  .  .  
Bernie on MSNBC Democrats show some fight in the budget battle - 
Sanders :  Americans Want Shared Sacrifice to Solve Deficit 
Sanders blocks nuclear agency official's   confirmation over Vermont reactor - The Hill's   E2-Wire :  
Mr President , Stand with the majority of people who believe deficit reduction requires SharedSacrifice
The American people understand it is not fair to come down on people who are already hurting .  SharedSacrifice
Mr President do not yield to outrageous Republican demands SharedSacrifice
If hundreds of thousands do that I hope the President will have strength & determination not to balance budget on weak SharedSacrifice
It is time to bring troops home at an accelerated rate Shared Sacrifice
Repeal Bush tax rates for top 2 % - 700 billion dollars SharedSacrifice
It is time for SharedSacrifice
Recent NBC/Wall St Journal poll - 81% of Americans think it is totally or mostly acceptable to impose surtax on millionairesSharedSacrifice
In 2005 1 out 4 corporations paid nothing in taxes SharedSacrifice
18857 companies call a single 4 story building in Cayman Islands home SharedSacrifice
Republicans think solution is not to ask Bank of America for fair share , but to ruin medicare as we know it SharedSacrifice
The problem isn't just that Ryan budget is morally questionable it also wouldn't work .  SharedSacrifice
Republican plan would cost 1 . 7 million jobs by 2014 SharedSacrifice
The Republican idea of a balanced budget is to go after middle class & working Americans and wealthiest are protected .  SharedSacrifice
Republican does not ask wealthiest or corps to contribute one penny to deficit reduction .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget does nothing to address wasteful defense spending .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would slash funding for crumbling infrastructure by 40% next year alone .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would kick 10 million Americans off food stamps .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would slash Pell grants by 50 % SharedSacrifice
When 50 million have no insurance , Republican budget would decimate Medicaid & cut nursing home assistance in 1/2 .  SharedSacrifice
Republican budget would end medicare as we know it within 10 years .  SharedSacrifice
In other words the only reason we have to increase debt ceiling is to pay bills Repub , some Dems & Pres Bush wracked up .  SharedSacrifice
When we gave 700 billion in tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans - where was the concern then ?  SharedSacrifice
When we spend a trillion dollars on wars & forgets to pay for those wars , we get a deficit .  SharedSacrifice
How did we go from huge surpluses to huge debt ?  SharedSacrifice
10 years ago country had an annual surplus of 236 billion with projected surpluses as far as eye could see SharedSacrifice
Deficit did not just take place overnight SharedSacrifice
That reality is rich are getting richer , poor poorer & middle class is disappearing SharedSacrifice
400 Americans own more wealth than bottom 150 million Americans SharedSacrifice
80% of all new income went to the top 1% SharedSacrifice
While all of that happens , another economic reality is taking place , the gap between wealthiest & everyone else is widening SharedSacrifice
The President has got to stand tall & take the case to the American people SHaredSacrifice
It is not just a tragedy for those students , it is a tragedy for this nation .  SharedSacrifice
Stuck , tired & hopeless SharedSacrifice
How bad does it have to get ?  SharedSacrifice
The truth is behind the numbers there are real people who are hurting terribly .  .  our job is to pay attention to those peopleSharedSacrifice
When we talk about the economy we've got to understand the situation is often worse than the statistics suggest SharedSacrifice
Unless the American people rise up and say enough is enough I'm afraid the President will yield once again SharedSacrifice
We will not be blackmailed again by the Republican leadership in Washington SharedSacrifice
In my view the president of the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 needs to stand with the majority of the American people & make clear enough is enough SharedSacrifice
Bernie is on the floor now !  SharedSacrifice
400 families in America now own more wealth than bottom 50% of the country .  That is not SharedSacrifice - 20 Mins to Bernie's   speech ! 
Real unemployment is at about 15 percent , the highest since the Great Depression .  Time for SharedSacrifice
Middle class incomes have dropped by more than $2 ,600 over the past ten years .  Time for SharedSacrifice ? 
Over 12 million Americans have lost health insurance in the last ten years .  Time for SharedSacrifice  ? 
Don't forget to tune in to Bernie's   4 PM Speech !  Less than an hour to go .  SharedSacrifice 
Deficit crisis is real , but it cannot be solved on the backs of weak & vulnerable .  Those with money & power must contribute SharedSacrifice
Bernie's   speech on SharedSacrifice will begin at 4 pm - don't forget to tune in . 
The question is :  Where are the Democrats ?  Where is President Obama ?  Will they demand deficit reduction include SharedSacrifice ? 
Republican budget actually provides $1 trillion more in tax breaks over the next 10 years for the very rich .  Is that SharedSacrifice  ? 
What caused deficit crisis ?  2 wars , tax breaks for rich , Wall St bailout & a prescription drug program - all unpaid for .  SharedSacrifice
Bernie Sanders to Obama :  Do Not Yield to Outrageous Republican Demands on Taxes , Cuts , Deficit Pol 
Bernie Sanders to Obama :  Do Not Yield to Outrageous Republican Demands on Taxes , Cuts , Deficit Po .  .  .   SharedSacrifice
But behind all those statistics is flesh & blood & good people doing all they can to survive .  Time for real SharedSacrifice
sharedsacrifice :  America now has a situation where the CEOs of large corporations make over 260 times more than .  .  .  
Come visit Bernie's   2012 campaign site :   SharedSacrifice
sharedsacrifice I think this is an issue that we have to stay on and stay on and stay on .  This greed , this .  .  .  
1 in 4 bridges is structurally deficient according to DOT .  Will tax breaks for millionaires fix America's   infrastructure ?  sharedsacrifice
But I would hope that these people who are worth hundreds of millions of dollars , that they will look around them .  .  .  
Don't forget to follow   on FB , as well :   filibernie sharedsacrifice
Don't forget to follow   on FB , as well :  www . facebook . com/FriendsOfBernie filibernie sharedsacrifice
It's   not only income , it's   wealth .  The top one percent own more wealth than the bottom ninety percent .  Enough is enough .  sharedsacrifice
how can anybody be proud to say I'm a multimillionaire & I'm getting a huge tax break while 1/4 of kids are on food stamps ?  sharedsacrifice
Effective tax rates for the top four hundred income earners in America was cut almost in half from 1992 to 2007 .  Time for sharedsacrifice
The American people believe in the concept of sharedsacrifice , not balancing the budget on the most vulnerable people in this country
The point that needs to be made is that when is enough , enough ?  filibernie sharedsacrifice
It is time for SharedSacrifice
MSNBC - Cantor backs out of budget talks - 
Bernie on Ed Schultz Ed asks , 'When does the greed stop ? ' - 
Excessive Oil Speculation :  Wall Street's   Tax on Us  from
ABC News - Bernie Sanders :  Republican Budget is 'Laughable' 
  - Sanders proposes cheaper , speedier solar power permits - 
Bernie on Ed Schultz - Gas prices take a curious tumble - 
Sanders :  Obama lacks 'urgency' on oil speculation - The Hill's   E2-Wire 
Why pharma's   patents are a drug on the market
Sanders reiterates demands on budget - The Hill's   On The Money 
VPR News :  Sanders' Plan To Tax Millionaires Gains Support 
From AlterNet . org :  How We Can Kick-Start the Economy , Save Lives , Give Working People a Raise and .  .  .  
Bernie Sanders on ABC News :  Don't Play Games with Debt Limit 
Single payer health care legislation introduced in Congress
Check out Bernie on Rachel Maddow MSNBC last night - 
Sanders Editorial in   'We will stand up for the Clean Air Act' 
Bernie talks about Ryan budget plan on Ed Schultz The GOP's   war on Medicare - 
Bernie on Patt Morrison About that $38 . 5 billion in spending cuts .  .  . make it $352 million 
Ed Schultz -The details of the drastic budget cuts -  Bernie talks about why he's   voting no
  - Sanders to vote 'no' on $38B in federal cuts 
Why is the Federal Reserve Propping Up the Bank of Libya ? 
Bernie on Ed Schultz  :  How corporations are avoiding taxes - 
Raw Story :  Sanders introduces millionaire surtax to slash deficit - 
Vermont's   Struggle for Single-Payer Healthcare
Smithsonian pledges to sell more 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2-made gifts - Washington Times 
Bernie Sanders :  Rely on more tax revenue for deficit reduction - The Hill's   On The Money 
Brattleboro Reformer :  Obama endorses Vermont health care waiver - 
Bernie on Patt Morrison Radio Show on SCPR :  
Bernie on MSNBC Tues night :  Corporate wealth guides anti-union fight - 
Bernie Sanders on Obama Budget :  'I Think It's   Bad' - PBS News Hour - 
On the Dylan Ratigan Show last week :  Sanders on what banking should be - 
Bernie on MSNBC last week :  Taxes remain at lowest point since 1950s - 
Sanders OpEd :  Saving Social Security :  The program needs to be shored up , not dismantled - latimes . com 
Bernie on The Last Word w/ Lawrence O'Donnell :  Repeal defeat in the House - 
The Pentagon Fraud Papers :  Contractors That Defrauded DOD Were Rewarded With $285 Billion in New C .  .  
Bernie on MSNBC :  Courting the right -  - talking about battle over health care reform bill
Bernie on Connect The Dots w/ John Nichols & Rep Kucinich :  
Bernie was on the Ed Schultz on Friday :  Segment :  Will the GOP end Social Security ?  - 
Check out Bernie's   Op Ed in next issue of In These Times :  Organizing Help Wanted -- 
Vermont pushes for single-payer health care in lieu of national reform law
Bernie on Ed Schutz's   show :  GOP won't budge on repeal - 
Last Thursday Bernie appeared on Randi Rhodes radio show - check it out here :  
Exclusive :  'Social Security has nothing to do with the deficit ,' Sanders tells Raw
Sanders' 8 1/2-hour speech to be sold in book form -  -   filibernie
Exclusive :  Obama may cut Social Security , Sanders tells Raw
VT delegation to help clear obstacles to health reform -   - 
Bernie receives award at Burlington MLK event  
The Progressive Honor Roll of 2010
Washington Post The Fix - Bernie a Winner in Lame Duck Session - Winners and Losers of the Lame Duck Congress - 
Rolling Stone Politics :  Bernie Sanders Puts Barack Obama to Shame - 
Miss it ?  Stephen Colbert mentioned Bernie & hisfilibuster Monday night on   filibernie
Bernie appeared on Ed Schultz  & Keith Olbermann  Mon to talk about tax deal filibernie
Forbes put together a word cloud of Bernie's   speech :   filibernie
Bernie has yielded the floor after almost 9 hours - but the tax deal isn't dead and Bernie isn't done fighting !  filibernie
8 hours and counting
Bernie on Countdown With Keith Olbermann :  Opposing the Tax Bill - 
 Huffington Post - Bernie Sanders Rallies Activists To Sink Obama's   Tax Compromise
Bernie on the Ed Show :  Reaction to President's   defense of tax cut compromise - 
Bernie on the Dylan Ratigan Show :  Why he's   threatening to filibuster the tax-cut deal - 
  - Sanders , Welch among leaders opposing Obama tax deal - 
I think he has not fully understood that the American people are prepared for a fight .  - Bernie Washington Post 
Sanders Hints He'll Filibuster Tax Cuts Compromise  :  Roll Call 
NY Times - G . E .  and JPMorgan Got Lots of Fed Help in '08 - 
Fed's   'Backdoor Bailout' Provided $3 . 3 Trillion in Loans to Banks , Corporations
  editorial :  Bernie Sanders has cracked open the Federal Reserve - 
Bernie will be on a live call with DemocracyForAmerica Tues 10/7 8pm - Go here to RSVP :  
A clip from last night's   Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC show mentioned below - 
Bernie on Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC  :  Obama , GOP stance on tax cuts absurd - 
Reading :  
A-Gerrymandering We Will Go
Sanders :  Dems must stand firm on tax cuts for middle-class , not millionaires 
Bernie Sanders on the Class War and President Obama - from Daily Kos - 
Bernie Sanders's   Progressive Plan to Balance Budgets , Defeat Deficits and Avert Austerity
Bernie's   2012 reelection campaign is now on twitter - check back often for updates and please give input and advice ! 
TDSBreakingNews Disney bans selfie sticks from its parks .  Terrible news for people who visit Disneyworld alone , i . e .  , weirdos . 
Full ep - The Pope upsets Republicans with remarks on global warming , and Bobby Jindal enters the presidential race .  
Gay marriage is legal !  Say goodbye to The Hate Class of 2015 !  
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie to join GOP race Tuesday .  Slogan to be hey , me too , guys ! 
TDSBreakingNews Nintendo will allow same sex marriages in new video game .  Mario ditches long-time beard , Princess Peach . 
'99 Daily Show Employee Of The Year Awards  ( FYI Dave Blog still holds the title )  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Fox News drops Sarah Palin .  Replaces her with actual grizzly bear they taught to say maverick . 
TDSBreakingNews Univ .  of California may ban phrase 'melting pot' .  Liquid imagery deemed offensive to solids , gases . 
TDSBreakingNews Facebook now worth more than Wal-Mart .  Both places for old people to hang out and share pictures of their grandkids . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Conservatives better at dieting than liberals .  Build fence around fridge to keep food from migrating into stomachs . 
TDSBreakingNews SCOTUS sides w/ raisin farmers in property rights case .  Our quest for justice has come to an end .  
Full ep - Jessica R .  Williams takes on the Confederate flag , and Al Franken discusses going from comedy to Congress .  
TDSBreakingNews Fiorina to 'throw punches' onstage if included in debates .  Mostly due to Super PAC contributions from Hawaiian Punch . 
TDSBreakingNews CIA :  Bin Laden's   porn stash to remain classified .  Bad news for anyone whose life goal was masturbate like a terrorist . 
TDSBreakingNews New device helps the blind see with their tongues .  Device called LSD . 
TDSBreakingNews Listeners outraged after Kim Kardashian appears on NPR .  Plans scrapped for Serial season 2 How Did Kim Get So Cool ? 
Jordan Klepper attempts to cover the Rachel Dolezal scandal :   
Ask Jon Anything using JonStewartsAskhole .  And yes , it can be ANYTHING . 
Jon reacts to the shooting in Charleston - 
Full ep - The House of Reps votes on trade legislation , and Bill Clinton discusses the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2's   economic prospects .  
Got a favorite DailyShow congressional take-down ?  Vote now :   CapitolPunishment
TDSBreakingNews Hungary orders 100-mile border fence .  There goes the Mexican-Hungarian vote . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 birth rate rises for the first time in 7 years .  Restaurants now 5% more screamy . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Teenagers are losing confidence in the American dream .  Confidence in texting while driving remains intact . 
TDSBreakingNews Mexican supreme court legalizes same-sex marriage .  Adding , Will this keep homophobic frat boys from spring breaking here ? 
Only Aziz can make Jon's   coffee just the way he likes it .  onceaninternalwaysanintern 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton releases election Spotify playlist .  Part of her campaign theme , I'm Human .  .  .  No , seriously , I am ! 
TDSBreakingNews Jurassic World breaks box office records .  Also breaks all rules of science , chaos , and evolution . 
TDSBreakingNews CDC :  Avg .  woman weighs as much as 1960s 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 man .  But if it's   any consolation , she still gets paid less than he does ! 
BREAKING -- from the Comedy Central overlords :  It's   almost Emmy season -- time for a stirring awards trailer .  
TDSBreakingNews Record no .  of Americans renounce 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizenship in 1st quarter .  Had only just read a history book .  Wait , we did WHAT ?  ! 
Jon definitely loves all the books his guests come on the show to promote .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Brain eating tribe from Papua New Guinea immune to dementia .  Heart eating tribe prone to loving too much . 
TDSBreakingNews Murdoch to step down as Fox CEO .  Wants to spend more time undermining political discourse with his family . 
TDSBreakingNews FIFA suspends bidding for 2026 World Cup amid corruption scandal .  Sad news for citizens of Cashbekistan . ThoughtTheyHadIt
TDSBreakingNews Pornhub crowdfunding porn shoot in space .  Conspiracy theorists allege moneyshot will be filmed on Arizona soundstage . 
Full Ep :  Pres Obama attends the G7 summit , the Cuomo brothers broadcast their sibling rivalry , and Nick Offerman .  
TDSBreakingNews Former WH press sec'y Robert Gibbs accepts job at McDonalds .  Wanted to try defending the diametric opposite of Obamacare . 
TDSBreakingNews Only 4 people showed up for Santorum at an Iowa campaign stop .  3 of whom were expecting something else .  GoogleIt
TDSBreakingNews Bad News :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Army website hacked .  Good News :  VA website still such a sh**show , experts deem it unhackable . 
TDSBreakingNews United Arab Emirates to launch Mars mission by 2021 .  Plans to launch successful Mars mission by 2560
TDSBreakingNews Merkel accuses Obama of prez-spreading at the G7 summit .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Economy adds 280 ,000 jobs in May .  Unfortunately , most are temporary jobs as Republican Presidential Candidate . 
TDSBreakingNews Google engineer :  Humans will be hybrids by 2030 .  Elon Musk already hard at work on prototype for The Tesla Steve . 
TDSBreakingNews San Francisco too expensive for McDonald's   .  Just as well , since McDonald's   is too McDonald's   for San Francisco . 
TDSBreakingNews Interpol issues alert for soccer execs .  Citizens are allowed to arrest anyone near a soccer ball , just in case . 
The closest Jon Stewart will ever get to high fashion .  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  52% of Americans view George W .  Bush favorably .  Related :  52% of Americans did not read the newspaper from 2000-2008 . 
TDSBreakingNews IRS still using 13-year old Windows XP , plan to update it once they finish downloading The Black Album off Napster . 
TDSBreakingNews Beijing bans public smoking .  Poor air quality considered a danger to the cigarettes . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Husbands of female breadwinners more likely to cheat .  .  . AT SCRABBLE !  LOL naw , just kidding , the heartbreaking kind . 
TDSBreakingNews SCOTUS :  Violent threats online may be protected free speech .  The internet :  Now even MORE consequence-free ! 
TDSBreakingNews Fracking is officially banned in Maryland .  Chesapeake Bay to remain boringly noncombustible . 
TDSBreakingNews Pakistani spy-pigeon arrested in india .  Busted by squirrel wearing a wire . 
TDSBreakingNews National spelling bee ends in a tie .  Officials to add tie-breaking knife fight to the death round for next year . 
Democalypse 2016 - Bernie Sanders stands out as an unconventional presidential contender .   
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military accidentally shipped live anthrax to South Korea .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military = worst Secret Santa ever . 
TDSBreakingNews Nebraska abolishes death penalty .  Cruel and unusual living in Nebraska penalty still on the books . 
TDSBreakingNews Mississippi found fattest state for 2nd year .  Vows to lose at least 2 S's   and 1 P before summer Misisipi BikiniSeason
Full Ep - Top FIFA officials face corruption charges and allergy season hits dangerous levels .   
TDSBreakingNews china creates a new billionaire every week .  The one job we didn't mean to outsource .  oops
New DailyShowPodcast episode .  Hasan Minhaj goes deep into the Daily Show's   control room .  
TDSBreakingNews ABC's   Stephanopoulos gave $50k to Clintons . Check out his new special , Hill4Ever :  Our Future Awesome President Impartial
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Chronic depression may increase stroke risk .  So , uh , hope that helps , depressed people . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Rich men drink more than anyone else .  But if they're truly rich , why don't they hire people to drink for them ? 
TDSBreakingNews Harriet Tubman wins poll to replace Andrew Jackson on $20 bill .  Now let them enforce it , Zombie Jackson replies . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia gives John Kerry gift of potatoes .  Or as they call it in Russia , pre-vodka . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Fewer Americans identify as Christian .  Santa shrugs , says Makes my job easier ! 
TDSBreakingNews Egg , turkey meat prices rise as bird flu spreads .  We knew this was a risk when we created the Turducken .  DevilsFowl
Full ep - Jordan Klepper looks at $ in democracy in the UK , and Jon talks with John Legend  
TDSBreakingNews Ancient Egyptians faked animal mummies .  And those big pointed , triangley buildings ?  Cardboard . 
Jon responds to Tom Brady after the Deflategate report is released .   
Looking for that hilarious new book about rodents and utensils ?  Get Ratscalibur , by former TDS Exec .  Prod .    
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Americans are drinking less , spending more on fancy booze , peeing out higher quality urine . 
Al Madrigal tells the legend of El Jebe Bush .   
Jon explains to Tom Brady why the great ones don't need to cheat :   
TDSBreakingNews Gov Christie :  Climate change is real and humans contribute to it .  So he's   definitely not running for the GOP nomination . 
Full ep - Texan conspiracy theorists fear a military takeover , and Jessica R .  Williams investigates same-sex marriage protests .  
More Republican contenders for the 2016 presidential race .   
TDSBreakingNews Unemployment falls to 7 year low .  Funemployment remains a lie people tell themselves to feel better . 
Jon addresses Tom Brady personally after the Deflategate report is released .   
Exclusive - Mumford & Sons perform The Cave .  
TDSBreakingNews Pope Francis becomes honorary Globetrotter .  But aren't ALL Globetrotters honorary Globetrotters ?  ThinkingJoke
TDSBreakingNews Federal appeals court rules NSA phone program illegal , according to bug NSA placed in court . 
Full episode -  DailyShow 
TDSBreakingNews Majority of millionaires consider themselves middle class .  Especially when the help is up for a raise . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 approves ferry service between Cuba and Florida .  Seven dollar beers ?  !  We'll just take the homemade raft , say Cubans . 
TDSBreakingNews Millennials have fewer premarital sex partners than their parents .  Boomers :  The earth ain't the only thing we've f**ked ! 
TDSBreakingNews Isis dropped from UN hurricane name list .  Most drastic measure UN has taken against ISIS thus far . 
TDSBreakingNews Norway ranks world's   best place to be a mother .  At least for the half of the year when bedtime is 2pm . 
TDSBreakingNews iran bans devil worshiping haircuts .  AKA Business up front , human sacrifice in the back . 
DailyShowPodcast - Zhubin Parang reveals how his obsession with The Five led to iamsambee's   memorable performance .  
TDSBreakingNews Walmart tells laid off workers to avoid alcohol , chocolate .  Workers :  Ha !  We didn't make enough to buy alcohol , chocolate ! 
Full ep - Bernie Sanders enters the presidential race , Jon celebrates Samantha Bee's   last day , and Kristen Wiig .  
TDSBreakingNews NRA's   LaPierre :  Obama will ban ammo before leaving office .  Adds So start collecting acorns now !  NaturesBullets
Samantha Bee gives a teary farewell as she departs from The Daily Show :   
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 4 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 renters use half their income for rent .  Other half replacing the Chobani that roommate stole AGAIN !  DAMMIT KATIE ! 
New DailyShowPodcast episode !  Samantha Bee bids farewell to The Daily Show :  
The Best of Samantha Bee - 
TDSBreakingNews Experts :  Times New Roman is a bad choice for resumes .  Oh yeah , definitely use Comic Sans , reiterate snickering experts . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA spacecraft crashes into Mercury .  NASA to Mercury :  We don't have to get the cops involved , right ?  NotInsured
TDSBreakingNews Fargo lawmaker who voted against gay rights caught on Grindr .  In his defense , hypocrisy is listed as one of his turn-ons . 
A rare coalition brings Democrats and Republicans together to help Public Safety end mass incarceration .  
Baltimore on Fire - 
 hasanminhaj's   plea to get Congress to start working together .  FUCO 
Hasan Minhaj gets the conversation started !  FUCO 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  America's   most racist people live in the rural Northeast , South .  Midwest vows to try harder next year . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL will end its tax exempt status .  Still maintains exemption from the laws of brain science . 
CNN lavishly celebrates at the White House Correspondents' Dinner despite riots raging in nearby Baltimore .  - 
Jessica Williams , live from The Capitol !  
TDSBreakingNews Chipotle bans genetically modified foods .  We shouldn't have played God says scientist being eaten by giant burrito . 
TDSBreakingNews Loretta Lynch sworn in as 83rd attorney general .  Finally gets a slice of five-month-old congratulatory cake . 
We only enter the future on the intellectual capital brought to this world by the geek-o-sphere .  - Neil deGrasse Tyson 
TDSBreakingNews Bin Laden's   bodyguards arrested in Italy .  Now their self-improvement trip is ruined .  They won't get to pray or love ! 
TDSBreakingNews china cracks down on funeral strippers .  Can't they just put makeup on a corpse and make us look at it , like a normal country ? 
John Hodgman bids farewell to Earth and joins an exclusive group of billionaires on Mars -  
Jon announces his departure date .   
TDSBreakingNews Hawaii wants to be 1st state to run on renewable energy .  Striving to perfect lei-burning car . 
Jon hopes everyone's   recovered from their Earth Day hangovers .   
TDSBreakingNews Snow makes a comeback in 23 states at the end of April .  Put it on eBay .  California will buy it . 
aasif mandvi Mandvi explains how the anti-GMO lobby results in a monopoly on GMOs by companies like Simplot and Monsanto .  
TDSBreakingNews Conservatives think climate change won't occur in their lifetime .  See ? They don't deny science .  It's   just not their problem ! 
Jon reports on CNN's   420 coverage .   
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Too many vitamins can cause cancer .  Study funded by the Institute of Well Then I Guess F**k It . 
TDSBreakingNews japanese train breaks world speed record at 375 mph .  American train sets world stalled-on-the-tracks record at 375 hours . 
TDSBreakingNews 'Full House' sequel coming to Netflix .  Did not follow show's   own advice to cut it out . 
Jon imagines if life were like Congress .  
Jon announces the start date of his new career as non-host of The Daily Show !  
TDSBreakingNews Tim Tebow makes NFL return with the Eagles .  Proving once and for all that God hates football . 
TDSBreakingNews CNN hires nearly 40 new reporters to boost ratings .  Also adds love triangle between Blitzer , Brooke Baldwin , trained bear . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry on 2016 :  I'm smarter and healthier than 2012 .  Is one other thing too , but he forgot .  OOPS
Congress takes issue with President Obama's   tentative nuclear deal with iran -  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Maple syrup may make antibiotics more effective .  Mary Poppins :  See ?  It DOES help the medicine go down .  SmugBitch
TDSBreakingNews White House fence to get spikes .  Biden will continue to be on the lookout from his tree house .  NoGOPsAllowed
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 rent costs rising faster than inflation .  Time to return to earlier housing model :  riding rails as hobo kings . 
Is America ready for a woman president ?  Sam Bee answered that question years ago .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Justice John Roberts gets called for jury duty in Maryland .  Finally forced to lose the robe and buy a real pair of pants . 
TDSBreakingNews Megyn Kelly :  I should get Hillary intvw , not O'Reilly .  Ordered to stand in corner til she's   ready to act like a big girl . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA creates car that drives sideways .  WOAH !  !  !  !  !  Finally !  Now we can .  .  .  just , like .  .  .  drive sideways . 
Full ep - Congress criticizes a proposed treaty with iran , and Hillary Clinton overshadows Rubio's   presidential bid .  
TDSBreakingNews World Health Organization :  Delhi has world's   worst air .  73% smog , 12% turmeric . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Nearly a quarter of teens go online 'almost constantly' .  The rest spend that time analog masturbating . 
TDSBreakingNews Biden 'not ready' to decide presidential run .  Still calculating exactly how big a waste of money it would be . 
TDSBreakingNews 90% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults now have health insurance .  Can now try extreme sports like volcano bungee jumping and driving to work . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Obese may have lower dementia risk .  Cheesecake Factory now reclassified as brain food . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia bans celebrity memes .  Apparently they're the single biggest threat to civilization  ( next to gay rights )  . 
TDSBreakingNews White House :  If only we'd thought of this 6 years ago .  
TDSBreakingNews JP Morgan CEO :  new crisis is coming .  But we just got done not passing any regulations after the LAST one ! 
Samantha Bee loses her cool after learning that rape victims have to fight for custody rights against their attackers .  
TDSBreakingNews Nearly 1 in 10 Americans have anger issues and access to guns .  Other 9 out of 10 plan to never leave home again . 
TDSBreakingNews Maya Angelou's   new stamp features a quote that isn't hers .  Should've known when it read I know why the aged curd clings . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL hires first female referee .  So let's   call our women issues the past couple years a wash , says NFL . 
Full ep - Hasan Minhaj reports on the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2-iran nuclear deal , Rand Paul announces his candidacy , and Peter Dinklage .  
TDSBreakingNews TSA to keep $675 ,000 in forgotten change .  Enough to buy a laughably small portion of the drugs Customs kept . 
And hasanminhaj's   mom said these skills would never be good for anything .  practicemakesperfect 
TDSBreakingNews Greece demands reparations for Nazi war .  Grease demands reparations for Grease 2 . 
Jon reacts to indiana's   Religious Freedom Restoration Act :   
TDSBreakingNews DC power outages hit White House , Capitol , State Dept .  Secret Service swears Not our fault this time !  , falls over , pukes . 
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush listed self as Hispanic on '09 voter form , which is the 1st interesting thing he's   ever done ComoSeDiceBoring
Jon weighs in on Passover and Easter :   
Rejection sucks .  Hear how correspondent Hasan Minhaj and writer Delaney Yeager deal with it every day .  - 
Jon speaks with some California natives as the state struggles to combat the most severe drought in its history - 
Kristen Schaal discovers that some sci-fi fantasies will come true before women get equal pay .  
New DailyShowPodcast episode :  Hasan Minhaj and   on how they deal with rejection at The Daily Show .  
Hasan Minhaj investigates how Oregon's   marijuana industry is impacting the state's   vulnerable animal population :  
Very excited to welcome our next host :  Trevor Noah That's   right - another guy in late night from Soweto .  
Full ep-Jason Jones bids farewell , Jon congratulates Fox News for being right , and former orca trainer John Hargrove .  
The Daily Show's   Most Naked Correspondent - Jason Jones 
Jon gives Fox News the recognition they so desperately require .   
TDSBreakingNews House somehow passes bipartisan Medicare package , vows in blood oath never to tell the world what happened . 
TDSBreakingNews Microsoft CEO can spy on employees .  Mostly catches them emailing resumes to Apple . 
TDSBreakingNews O'Reilly :  'Journalism standards have declined increasingly' .  Adding Well , looks like my work here is done . 
Jon speaks with some potential casualties of the California drought .   
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton wants a new relationship with the press .  Announces at rose petal-covered , candlelit press conference . 
Jason Jones describes what it's   like to work with the writers in the latest DailyShowPodcast .   
TDSBreakingNews Liberty students faced fines if they skipped Ted Cruz speech .  Faced aneurysm if they didn't .  toughchoice
TDSBreakingNews NYC Board of Health cracks down on children's   juice .  Just don't drink anything ever , Board of Health advises . 
Ted Cruz announces his candidacy at Liberty University -  
TDSBreakingNews Picasso's   electrician returns 271 stolen paintings .  Then dubbed Picasso of Electricians Who Steal Paintings from Picasso . 
TDSBreakingNews Taylor Swift bought her own porn domain names .  Turns out Shake It Off is not about what we all thought it was about . 
TDSBreakingNews Gallup :  Salt Lake City has higher % of gay residents than NYC .  Behold the awesome power of ONE hit Broadway musical . 
Full ep - Congressman Aaron Schock resigns , Netanyahu wins re-election in israel , and Kevin Hart 
TDSBreakingNews Monday is the 5 year anniversary of Obamacare .  Republicans got him the traditional gift :  a repeal ! 
TDSBreakingNews Louie Gohmert :  'it's   time to bomb iran' .  *resets Days Since I've Said Something Crazy back to 0*
Fox News fails to provide coverage of the DOJ report that revealed systemic racism in the Ferguson police dept - 
TDSBreakingNews Obama :  I should have closed Guantanamo the 1st day .  Also should have asked Jane to my high school prom .  TooLateRegrets
TDSBreakingNews Washington state may impose restrictive e-cig laws .  Yet men with clip-on bow ties still allowed to walk the streets . 
TDSBreakingNews SF church installs watering system to keep homeless away .  On bright side , homeless looking especially green and leafy . 
TDSBreakingNews Glenn Beck :  I'm out of the Republican Party .  And all parties , really .  No one invites him anymore . 
TDSBreakingNews Police discover meth lab in indiana Wal-Mart .  Knew something was up because employees were happy . 
TDSBreakingNews House GOP budget whacks food stamps and Medicaid .  But includes 150% increase in funding for bootstraps . 
Full ep - Some states start to erase the gains of marriage equality , and the Secret Service requires an intervention .  
TDSBreakingNews Anonymous releases 9 ,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names .  Turns out that  'is' an ISIS supporter . 
TDSBreakingNews Putin reappears after 10 days of hiding .  Tries to pretend he's   ALWAYS had those D-cups . 
TDSBreakingNews Egypt plans to abandon Cairo as capital , build new city .  Unrelated , invites 30 ,000 Jews to come over for a , uh , party . 
New DailyShowPodcast - Jason Jones talks about his impending departure from The Daily Show .  
TDSBreakingNews NYPD edited Wikipedia pages mentioning police brutality .  Mostly replacing the word assault with caring too much . 
rob corddry explains how different life is outside of The DailyShow .   
TDSBreakingNews Study finds there are too many studies .  Adds , I'm part of the problem !  and sets self on fire . 
Full ep - NJ corruption surfaces , Jordan Klepper reports on Hurricane Sandy survivors , and rob corddry 
TDSBreakingNews CO pot tax brings $2 . 3 mil to schools .  While states like Texas remain firmly opposed to both pot and education . 
TDSBreakingNews Canadian household debt hits record high .  Ever-positive , they've been celebrating the achievement since they got the news . 
Full ep - Frat brothers caught on tape chanting racial slurs and Hillary explains for her informal email practices .  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 millennials among world's   least skilled .  But their shelf full of participation awards says otherwise ! 
TDSBreakingNews Dunkin' Donuts to remove titanium dioxide from donuts .  Plans to sell it separately as Titaniumunchkins . 
TDSBreakingNews Michele Bachmann films cameo in Sharknado 3 .  Turns out praying it away doesn't work with sharknados either . 
TDSBreakingNews Uber pledges to create 1 mil jobs for women in 5 years .  By offering new Piggyback Ride from Woman ride option . 
TDSBreakingNews Survey :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 gun ownership at a record low .  Possibly unrelated :  nunchuck sales at an all-time high . 
Room for one more bestie , girls ?  BroadCity 
Full ep - The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 remembers the 50th anniversary of Selma , and Rep .  John Lewis reflects on the Civil Rights Movement .  
TDSBreakingNews FL officials ban the term climate change .  Salt water soon-to-be lapping at their ankles to be renamed Bible puddles . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany sets 30% female quota for corporate boards .  Doesn't specify which 30% of each board member must be female . 
TDSBreakingNews Twitter has nearly 50K pro-ISIS accounts .  But they follow back , so no one wants to get rid of them . 
Jon offers viewers a chance to see his final show if they donate to Night of Too Many Stars - 
Full ep - Jessica R .  Williams reports on the DOJ's   investigation into Ferguson , and an opposition leader in Russia is murdered .  
TDSBreakingNews Superbug hits second LA hospital .  But superbugging is just a way to pay the bills .  Acting is its real passion . 
Stephen's   Snow Day .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds to stop serving chicken treated with antibiotics .  Chickens treated with antibiotics forced to eat at Burger King . 
TDSBreakingNews Visa Exec :  Soon we'll buy groceries from online 's  mart fridge' .  Please , call us when there's   a fridge-based hook-up app . 
Full ep - Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a speech to Congress and aasif mandvi Mandvi highlights a future for print media - 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Average erect penis is 5 inches .  Average gym sock is way too big . 
TDSBreakingNews Analysts predict worlds' 1st trillionaire will emerge soon .  Will be 1st person to collect millionaires .  TheNewBeanieBabies
TDSBreakingNews Snowden 'ready to return to States . ' Realizes he's   wasting his prime Dancing With the Stars years in Russia . 
TDSBreakingNews Longest serving woman in Congress set to retire .  Will receive 75% of the retirement party a man would . 
TDSBreakingNews Vermont may allow 16 , 17 yr olds to vote in local election .  Explains the newest campaign ads calling opponent so gay . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama , Sharpton meet behind closed doors at White House .  Oh , to be a fly on the wall in THAT room !  !  !  Would suck .  So hard . 
TDSBreakingNews Rubio :  'I don't want to be in politics my whole life' .  He said , clutching the book 2-Minute Dramatic Monologues for Men . 
TDSBreakingNews Price of ground beef climbs to another high record .  Cows call their agents to propose contract renegotiations . 
Full ep - Seth Rollins interrupts the Moment of Zen and challenges Jon :   
TDSBreakingNews South Korea decriminalizes adultery .  So now what's   the point ?  ThrillGone Dangerhalfthefun
TDSBreakingNews Less than 40% of people worldwide have gone online .  Unrelated :  60% of people are still good , well rounded . 
Late Night Fight Club TBT 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Only 11% of GOP think Obama loves America .  Also debating whether he likes America or like-likes America . 
50 Fox News lies in 6 seconds .   ( Tap the screen to pause )  
Full ep - Bill O'Reilly's   credibility is questioned , and Samantha Bee reports on Vice President Biden's   bad habit - 
TDSBreakingNews japanese robot bears soon to care for aging population .  japan :  What if we like , really ramped up how japan we are ? 
Full ep - Rudy Giuliani insults Obama's   patriotism and Christine Lagarde discusses the IMF as well as the gender gap .  
TDSBreakingNews Average cost of raising a child hits $245 ,000 .  A great investment up to , and then immediately following , the teenage years . 
TDSBreakingNews 800k  users given wrong tax info .  Somewhere , Ted Cruz has an erection and doesn't know why . 
TDSBreakingNews Wal-Mart boosts minimum wage to $9/hr .  Unfortunately , also boosting an hour to 120 minutes . 
TDSBreakingNews TX issues first gay marriage license .  It was a shotgun wedding .  Literally , two shotguns got married . 
TDSBreakingNews Tax on sugary foods proposed to fight obesity .  Will augment nation's   current strategy , humiliating the obese . 
Still can't get rid of Steve Carell's   Produce Pete aprons .  TBT 
TDSBreakingNews HIV vaccine a success in monkeys .  Some monkeys turn down vaccine , claim personal choice . 
TDSBreakingNews Krispy Kreme apologizes for KKK Wednesdays promotion .  I don't need the empty calories anyway , replies Grand Wizard . 
TDSBreakingNews Jeb Bush :  I love my father and my brother , but I am my own man .  Adds :  Is what I say into my bathroom mirror every day . 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton , Warren had secret meeting in Dec .  Hatched plan to elect Ted Cruz prom queen , cover him in pig's   blood . 
Full ep - Kansas and Alabama restrict gay rights , Jordan Klepper explores sex ed , and Colin Firth .   
TBT jonsfirstday 
TDSBreakingNews Apple investing $850 mil in CA solar farm .  Also rigging planned obsolescence for the sun .  ReplaceEvery2Years
TDSBreakingNews GOP lawmaker is trying to ban yoga pants .  Except , of course , for the  . 05% of wearers who actually do yoga in them . 
TDSBreakingNews Job openings jump to the highest since 2001 .  Especially in late night cable news satire hosting . 
Full ep - Fox News anchors update their complaints about Pres .  Obama's   leadership , and Jon announces his departure .  
TDSBreakingNews 
Enter for a chance to win a trip to NYC for a taping of The Daily Show :   Rosewater now available on Blu-Ray/DVD . 
Trevor Noah explains the challenges South African comedians face in latest DailyShowPodcast  
TDSBreakingNews Founder :  Groupon was a 's  tupid idea . ' Maybe sometimes it's   worth paying full price for that bikini wax . 
TDSBreakingNews Netflix launches in Cuba .  Will indulge Cuban taste for cheese and ham by only streaming Nicholas Cage films . 
TDSBreakingNews Jindal slams the left for being 'obsessed' with race .  Only race it's   appropriate to obsess over is NASCAR . 
Full ep - John Boehner invites Benjamin Netanyahu to Congress , and Bob Odenkirk discusses Better Call Saul .  
TDSBreakingNews Whiskey-drinking women are slowing vodka sales .  But speeding up their boyfriends' feelings of emasculation . 
TDSBreakingNews Twitter CEO :  'We suck' at stopping abuse .  How could a constant stream of anonymous thought-spewing have ever gone wrong ? 
TBT breaktheinternet 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Cockroaches have personalities .  Had to develop them to make up for being ugly . 
TDSBreakingNews Staples announces acquisition of Office Depot .  Not the legacy I was going for , but I'll take it , sighs sad Mitt Romney . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle gets marijuana vending machines , after study reveals making small talk with drug dealers extremely unbearable . 
Trevor Noah discusses the international perspective he brings to The Daily Show in ep 11 of the DailyShowPodcast 
Full Ep - Measles make a surprising comeback and groundhogs get their moment in the spotlight to report the weather .  
TDSBreakingNews UK to allow creation of babies from 3 persons' DNA .  Anti-GMO activists warn cannibals against eating modified babies . 
Behind the scenes of an all-too-common groundhog mauling .  
Jon discusses biblical law with DailyShow regular , Bacon-Wrapped Shrimpy .   
Full Ep - Huckabee comments on same-sex marriage , Jordan Klepper reports on china's   magic industry , and Martin Short .  
TDSBreakingNews Mexican opium farmers expand plots to supply 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 heroin boom .  Just glad the kale boom is over . 
Sam and her spirit animal , a shrimp wrapped in bacon .  
TDSBreakingNews Punxsutawney Phil sees more winter .  Hopes if he keeps delivering bad news , humans will eventually leave him alone . 
TDSBreakingNews Superbowl earns highest rating ever .  Bud Bowl remains a thing no longer on television .  BringBackBudBowl
Correspondent Trevor Noah explains what it's   like to work w/Jon :   DailyShowPodcast episode11 
New DailyShowPodcast :  Meet Trevor Noah 
TDSBreakingNews Romney won't run for president .  Wants to spend more time losing at home with family . 
The Deflategate scandal rocks the NFL and Jessica R .  Williams investigates mixed-party dating .  
TDSBreakingNews Hillary may delay presidential campaign .  Makes the election that much more intense .  TantricCampaigning
John Hodgman is a diehard Red Patriots fan and hopes they win the Stanley Bowl !  
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   CEO steps down .  To be replaced by amorphous purple blob-man . 
TDSBreakingNews First rare fox seen in Yosemite since 1915 .  No one told it WWI was over .  HidingFromKaiser
Full Episode - President Obama pays his respects to King Abdullah and Kristen Schaal addresses manspreading .  
TDSBreakingNews Researchers discover possible cure for peanut allergy .  Peanuts hold emergency meeting .  Plot to kill researchers . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple rich enough to pay everyone in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 $556 .  Just about enough to buy an iPhone !  TheCircleOfCash
TDSBreakingNews Bacon prices are falling .  Bacon industry plans to rebrand itself as Pig Kale . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle publicly shaming people for not composting trash .  Not helping , says head of Seattle suicide prevention hotline . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner to sue Obama again .  Right after he sues the sun for turning him into a human third degree burn . 
Full Episode - Presidential hopefuls convene for the Iowa Freedom Summit and Julian Castro discusses his work at HUD .  
TDSBreakingNews Chemicals in plastics blamed for sperm decline .  Which then , in turn , hurts the black light industry .  RippleEffect
TDSBreakingNews Bloomberg wants to buy NY Times .  Thinks it's   his only option after hitting ten free article limit . 
 .  Jessica R .  Williams discusses the differences between the DailyShow and Girls .   
TDSBreakingNews Davos sells $43 hot dogs .  Made with 100% beef-from-cows-people-loved-enough-to-name . 
Great week The Nightly Show The last of our FirstWeekPointers ? For emergencies , always have this greased and ready to go 
Full Episode - MetLife sues the federal government , Trevor Noah reports on Boko Haram , and Jennifer Aniston .  
TDSBreakingNews Feds spent $432K studying gay hookup apps .  Concluded that , yes , Esteban does have some amazing abs . 
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare close to nearing goal of 9 . 1 mil signups .  We humbly admit we were wrong says GOP in an awesome dream Obama had . 
Full Episode - Barack Obama delivers his State of the Union address , Anne Hathaway and Jon fail to keep their cool .  
TDSBreakingNews Biden :  Yes there is a chance I will run in 2016 .  No , he won't , says Hillary .  No , I won't , clarifies Biden . 
Hey The Nightly Show Want another of our FirstWeekPointers ?  Make sure to forward all complaints to
Full Episode - Several Republican presidential candidates emerge , and aasif mandvi investigates Sharia law in Alabama .  
Hear Hasan Minhaj describe his audition in the latest DailyShowPodcast episode .   
TDSBreakingNews Astronaut to spend one year in space .  When he gets back to Earth , everyone he knows will have aged one year .  eerie space
TDSBreakingNews Obama approval rating rises to 50% , after someone got Zeke drunk enough to admit Aw , he's   ok I guess . 
Correspondent Hasan Minhaj describes every amazing detail of his DailyShow audition in the latest DailyShowPodcast 
TDSBreakingNews Target to close all 133 stores in Canada .  If only they could have stocked more Celine Dion CD's   .  .  . 
TDSBreakingNews This year millennials will overtake baby boomers .  In number , not motivation . 
Jessica R .  Williams compares working with Jon and Lena Dunham on Girls in Ep 10 of the DailyShowPodcast .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 opens Cuba to all tourists .  All Cuba , not just the Gitmo part .   ( That's   still open too .  ) 
New !  DailyShowPodcast LIVE at NYCPodfest w/ Jessica R .  Williams Hasan Minhaj   and Stu Miller .  iTunes Podcasts - 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un's   first trip abroad will likely be to Russia .  Or another country where prostitution is not really frowned upon . 
TDSBreakingNews Ancient city put up for sale in Turkey .  Detroit considers rebranding run-down neighborhoods as historic ruins . 
Jon explains a typical coroner's   cause of death form in Florida .   
TDSBreakingNews Chinese restaurant promises free food to the beautiful .  Ugly to receive free cookie promising stuff that never happens . 
TDSBreakingNews Study shows wi-fi exposure may be dangerous to children .  Study conducted by the Ethernet Cable Research Institute . 
TDSBreakingNews 2nd largest cigarette-maker in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 bans smoking at work .  Distracts employees from core mission of slowly killing strangers . 
TDSBreakingNews Tiffany and Co .  feature gay couple in new ring ad .  Rival vendor counters with We're here , we're De Beers , get used to it ! 
TDSBreakingNews Crayola Facebook page hacked .  Crayola fans struggle to sound out incriminating emails .  2ndGradeReadingLevel
TDSBreakingNews Boston wins 2024 Olympic bid .  Athletes already training for the Yankees Suckathalon . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama wants to make community colleges free , subverting proud American tradition of accruing crushing student loan debt . 
TDSBreakingNews NYC to ban Styrofoam cups beginning in July .  Black market sales spike for packing peanuts held together with scotch tape . 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  I'm the most anti-establishment speaker we've ever had .  Passes out CDs of his punk bank , The Boehner Pillz . 
TDSBreakingNews -54 degree wind chill hits Midwest .  Cold snap wreaks havoc on region's   corndog crop . 
Tickets now available for next week's   DailyShow tapings - 
TDSBreakingNews Survey shows uninsured rate keeps falling .  Mitch McConnell attributes it to new Republican majority in Congress . 
TDSBreakingNews Price of legal weed is down 40% in Washington .  Attention spans also down by 40% . 
TDSBreakingNews Christie calls Philly fans 'worst in America' .  Declares Eagles' owner Jeffrey Lurie 'barely huggable . '
TDSBreakingNews 90% of Netanyahu's   campaign money came from 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  Really just paying him back for all those free birthright trips . 
TDSBreakingNews Incoming Congress is 80% white male , 92% Christian , and 100% unaware this is a problem . 
Happy New Year !  DailyShowDogs 
DailyShowPodcast Episode 9 :  Jordan Klepper and Zhubin Parang take a look back at 2014  NYE2015 
Parker remembers the Festival of Lights .  DailyShowDogs 
DailyShowPodcast Episode 5 :  Al Madrigal explains how he landed his correspondent role :   
The DailyShowDogs won't stop celebrating .  
DailyShowPodcast Episode 2 :  Jason Jones decribes meeting Mikhail Gorbachev .   
Zelda continues the seven days of DailyShowDogs .  
Merry Christmas from the DailyShowDogs .  
Listen to Jessica R .  Williams talk about preparing for a piece on Episode 1 of the DailyShowPodcast .  
Naughty AND nice .  The seven days of DailyShowDogs continues .  
Riot kicks off the seven days of DailyShowDogs .  
DailyShowPodcast with   and Samantha Bee -  
TDSBreakingNews EU rules obesity a disability .  The United States rules it greatest pastime . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope gives sleeping bags to homeless .  Was going to wash their feet , but he gave them that last year HardToShopFor
TDSBreakingNews Death penalty at 20 year low .  Oh wait , we forgot that Texas never seceded .  Recalculating
TDSBreakingNews Price of ground beef hits record high .  Hamburger Helper sells one of his fingers to make ends meet . 
TDSBreakingNews NY moves closer to fracking ban .  Will have to rely on state's   multiple nuclear plants for any disasters
TDSBreakingNews Johns Hopkins mistakenly admits hundreds of rejected students .  Solves problem by handing out hundreds of fake degrees . 
TDSBreakingNews Teens switching to e-cigarettes .  Now we can finally tell the difference between the cool teen smokers and the nerdy ones ! 
TDSBreakingNews Americans approve torture by 2-to-1 .  So it's   official , even torture is more popular than Congress . 
Jessica R .  Williams shares her vision of what a smart gossip site would look like .  
TDSBreakingNews Merriam-Webster names 'Culture' the word of 2014 .  Culture puts on tiara , plans how to spend word of the year millions . 
TDSBreakingNews France to ban Uber .  Taxis will go back to being hailed in traditional French manner of disdainful cigarette-flick . 
New DailyShowPodcast :  The story behind iamsambee's   report on federally funded penis pumps :   
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann wants an attack on iran for Christmas .  Marcus trudges back to the mall sadly to return tennis bracelet . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany finds no proof that 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 tapped Merkel's   phone .  Merkel's   top Candy Crush scores remain safely in German hands . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope proclaims animals are welcome in heaven .  But plants can still suck Satan's   dick . 
The Best Fking News Team Ever at the Best Fking Holiday Party Ever .    popsocial 
TDSBreakingNews Native Americans allowed to grow pot on land .  So we're even now , right ? 
TDSBreakingNews Mumps outbreak hits NHL .  League is just happy to be getting some press . 
TDSBreakingNews Delta introduces 5-tier flight class system .  Although fifth tier is not so much on the flight as pushing it from behind . 
TDSBreakingNews Ebola fighters named Time Mag's   Person of The Year .  Also named New York Mag's   Least Hugged Person Of The Year . 
TDSBreakingNews Instagram is now bigger than Twitter .  A desperate Twitter now allowing 141 characters .  142 !  What's   it gonna take , baby ? 
TDSBreakingNews Google says shift to cloud is 'accelerating' .  Or put another way , 'the opposite of what Google glass sales are doing . '
TDSBreakingNews Left-handed people earn less than right-handed ones .  Turns out paychecks offered to the right hand .  TheyKeepDroppingThem
TDSBreakingNews Pres .  Of Zimbabwe fires VP after murder plot claim , yet still can't pinpoint source of trust issues in therapy session . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  75% of Americans more informed b/c of web news sites .  60% can't even after seeing video of a kitten scared of fly . 
TDSBreakingNews Border patrol seeks more female agents .  Because , yet again , men need a hand understanding boundaries .  Right , ladies ?  !  ?  ! 
TDSBreakingNews Prince William to meet Obama during 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 trip .  Where a mutual wish to switch places will result in a delightful comic romp ! 
TDSBreakingNews S . Carolina breaks national trend , indicts 3 cops in last 4 months .  Envious N . Carolina reacts by imprisoning all firemen . 
The Daily Show's   newest contributor Trevor Noah discusses the differences between Africa and America - 
TDSBreakingNews Largest homeless camp in Silicon Valley dismantled .  Silicon Valley declares regional income inequality solved ! 
TDSBreakingNews Growth hormone usage rises among teens .  Experts blame lack of access to Zoltar machines .  TomHanksTBT
TDSBreakingNews Brooklyn most unaffordable place in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 to buy home .  No Sleep till Brooklyn = working 20 hr days to pay for it . 
Got any questions for correspondent Samantha Bee Ask away .  They'll be answered on the next DailyShowPodcast .  Canadian slurs encouraged . 
Jon reacts to the Eric Garner Grand Jury decision - 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner plots way around government shut down .  List so far :  1 .  Waterworks , 2 .   ?  ?  ?  ? 
TDSBreakingNews UK to pay off WWI debt .  Excited to finally get their penny farthing bike back from repo . 
 and writers Travon Free and Jo Miller talk racial profiling and Ferguson on DailyShowPodcast Ep .  3 
TDSBreakingNews 100 human brains missing from Austin lab .  Suspiciously followed by opening of World's   Best Zombie Barbecue . 
TDSBreakingNews Coca-Cola to sell new 'premium' milk .  Spent millions developing milk that actually weakens teeth . 
TDSBreakingNews Downtown Detroit hit with major power outage .  God still finds His long-running Detroit prank pretty hilarious . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama wants $75M for body cams after Ferguson .  Get ready for some really upsetting GoPro commercials . 
TDSBreakingNews Smoking rate in adults hits all time low .  Turns out most adults only want to smoke if a penis-shaped camel tells them to . 
The DailyShow staff reveals where to get the best slice in NY .  
TDSBreakingNews Anti-gay National Organization for Marriage in serious debt .  Refuses to claim bankruptcy because it's   not natural . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Women bosses 'more depressed' than male counterparts .  Definitely has nothing to do with smaller paychecks . 
Jon and Eddie Redmayne talk The Theory of Everything .   
TDSBreakingNews Secret Service chief says morale is suffering at the agency .  Morale = top secret codename for Protecting the President . 
TDSBreakingNews Al Sharpton owes $4 . 5 mil in unpaid taxes .  Sharpton :  Is yelling into a camera not an acceptable currency anymore ? 
New DailyShowPodcast !  It's   about pizza .   
TDSBreakingNews Chocolate companies warn of looming shortage .  Pretzel MandM's   to be made from 100% pretzel . 
TDSBreakingNews Charles Manson to get married .  Parents just happy Becky found someone . 
TDSBreakingNews Germany named world's   favorite country .  Scored 90% with people under 30 , but negative 2000% with people over 70 . 
TDSBreakingNews DEA surprises NFL with drug inspections .  NFL players surprise DEA with other people's   urine . 
TDSBreakingNews Church of England OKs female bishops .  If this doesn't call for another Sister Act sequel , then we just don't know . 
ROSEWATER is in theaters .  Trailer :  
TDSBreakingNews Russia plans alternative version of Wikipedia .  Anyone can edit , as long as it's   from Putin's   office . 
TDSBreakingNews FBI proceeds with FIFA corruption probe .  Investigation made tricky since agents can't use their hands . 
RosewaterMovie Trailer :  
Rosewater at The Daily Show .  
TDSBreakingNews Bible voted more valuable to humanity than On The Origin Of Species .  Note :  humanity wishes both had more pictures . 
TDSBreakingNews Bush calls Clinton 'brother from another mother' on Instagram .  Calls Iraq War Quagmire From Another .  .  . Wait That Was Mine . 
Go behind the scenes of ROSEWATER 
Tusky Business  
TDSBreakingNews Millennials aren't saving a dime .  Why would they when they're all going to get their own reality shows ?  NewAmericanDream
TDSBreakingNews CNN hits new ratings low .  Cancels new show , Wolf Blitzer :  Naked and Wet . 
TDSBreakingNews Stupidity virus has been discovered .  Must affect babies , who are blobs that can't talk or do anything .  Dummies . 
See ROSEWATER in theaters this Friday , Nov .  14 .  
New York City's   Ebola Eatery 
TDSBreakingNews Ford starts production on first aluminum car .  Designed to be driven by baked potatoes . 
TDSBreakingNews 6 congressional elections still too close to call .  Really keeping Congress from its normally unparalleled efficiency . 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists predict robot brains to match humans in 25 years .  Yeah , but how long for robot genitals ?  -- secretly everyone
RosewaterMovie opens this Friday , Nov 14 .  On Thursday , Jon welcomes Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  Trailer :  
TDSBreakingNews Coal jobs vanish , miners seek new careers .  Maybe the NFL ?  They're looking for people willing to seriously harm themselves . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Postal Service reports huge security breach .  As a result , ALL Russian crime orgs will Save The Date for Karen and James . 
RosewaterMovie opens this Friday , Nov 14 .  On Thursday , Jon welcomes Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  Trailer :  
Tuesday night the Democrats got taken out back and Old Yeller'ed by the American electorate .  - Jon Stewart 
This week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
Kings of the Hill  DailyShow
Next week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
It's   an incredible night for Money in politics .  - Jason Jones  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team reveals its new vertical political panel TheStack 
Next week :  Bruce Springsteen and Frank Caruso , UN Ambassador Samantha Power , Steve Carell , plus Maziar Bahari and Gael Garcia Bernal .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Botox and fillers are very safe .  Thousands of users appear unmoved .  LiterallyTheyCantMoveTheirFaces
Obama and the Pussy'crats 
Tuesday night the Democrats got taken out back and Old Yeller'ed by the American electorate .   
TDSBreakingNews Pres .  Obama moments before fleeing White House press corps to bury his face in Bo's   fur .  
TDSBreakingNews Target to close as many stores as it opened last year .  Meanwhile , Wal-Mart to start building stores inside other Wal-Marts . 
TDSBreakingNews Beards killing the shaving industry .  And the gay marriage industry is killing beards .  CircleOfLife
Kings of the Hill  DailyShow
Nov 13 :  Jon Stewart joins Maziar Bahari and Stephen Colbert for a live conversation about RosewaterMovie .  Tickets :  
TDSBreakingNews japan beats scotland to win world's   best whiskey title .  Scots retaliate by building robot William Wallace . 
TDSBreakingNews Racially diverse emojis to arrive summer 2015 .  Racists :  Finally , I can express who I'm slurring with adorable pictures ! 
The Best F king News Team reveals its new vertical political panel TheStack  
It's   an incredible night for Money in politics .  - Jason Jones  DailyShow 
Live on Election Night :  The Best F king News Team Ever  
BizarroMidterms Republican Neel Kashkari defeats incumbent Jerry Brown in CA governor's   race .  Californians decide avocados are gross . 
BizarroMidterms Tom Corbett defeats Tom Wolf in PA Gov race .  Fracking releases nutritious vitamins into PA's   the water supply . 
DailyShowLive with aasif mandvi Jessica R .  Williams John Hodgman Jordan Klepper in TheStack 
DailyShowLive :   
DailyShowLive 
BizarroMidterms Republican Rob Astorino defeats Andrew Cuomo in NY governor's   race .  Cop stops-and-frisks white guy . 
We're live on the TV Comedy Central and streaming online :   DailyShowLive 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Colorado 
The Best F king News Team is live on Election Night !  11/10c on Comedy Central and streaming live at  DailyShowLive
Some Like it Yacht - 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Kansas 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Wisconsin 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Colorado 
Follow The DailyShow on Instagram 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Iowa 
Democalypse 2014  
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Alaska 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Kansas 
TDSBreakingNews Republicans mull strategy if they control Congress .  Maybe stand really still so people don't notice they're doing nothing ? 
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups - Louisiana 
Nov 13 :  Jon Stewart joins Maziar Bahari and Stephen Colbert for a live conversation about RosewaterMovie .  
Democalypse 2014 :  The Toss-Ups 
QandA :  Jon Stewart on 16 Years of The DailyShow and His Directorial Debut Rosewater 
Exclusive - SPOON performs Rent I Pay 
Al Madrigal goes undercover to find the Latinos responsible for the immigration crisis .  
Tuesday night :  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  11/10c .  
Country music star Brad Paisley and Jason Jones collaborate on The State of Texas 
Tuesday night :  We'll do it live !  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  This Tuesday , 11/10c .  
Tuesday night :  We'll do it live !  The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  This Tuesday , 11/10c .  
The Daily Show in Austin , Texas !  
New !  The DailyShowPodcast - The Best F king News Team Live in Austin , TX :   SouthBySouthMess
McConnelling 
Austin's   Real Weirdness 
The DailyShow is live on Election Night !  Tuesday , 11/10c .  
Exclusive :  SPOON performs Inside Out  spoonstruck 
Austin's   Real Weirdness  SouthBySouthMess
Obligatory selfie .  Spoon OUT .  spoonstruck 
Spoon .  Live in Austin .  spoonstruck 
 jimenoacid and msjwilly - totes BFF .  spoonstruck 
 jimenoacid and longtime stalker Sam Bee .  spoonstruck 
Post sound check food coma .  Courtesy of Gourdough .  AustinFoodIsSlowlyKillingUs spoonstruck 
TDSBreakingNews Number of billionaires has doubled since financial crisis .  But what percent are fat cats and what percent are crumb bums ? 
TDSBreakingNews Government agencies scramble to buy more hazmat suits .  All sold out to smartasses for their halloween parties . 
Green room thug life .  alexfischel spoonstruck 
Spoon hijacked The Daily Show's   Instagram .  totalanarchy spoonstruck 
SouthbySouthMess :  Ad of Brothers 
Al Madrigal goes undercover to find the Latinos responsible for the immigration crisis .   
Jon , I'm actually where the real immigration crisis is :  the Austin border .  Jason Jones  
TDSBreakingNews Koala chlamydia vaccine a success .  Koalas celebrate with romantic eucalyptus dinner and all-night orgy . 
New !  The DailyShowPodcast - The Best F king News Team Live in Austin , TX :   SouthBySouthMess 
Country music star Brad Paisley and Jason Jones collaborate on The State of Texas  
SouthbySouthMess :  POTUS - Partum Depression 
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell launches new ordering app .  Michelle Obama packs her things , says f  this , and hits the open road . 
TDSBreakingNews Pope Francis :  God isn't a magician with a magic wand .  He's   a guy with a long beard sitting on a cloud throne .  Duh Obvi
TDSBreakingNews Baby wipes recalled over bacterial contamination .  But what are babies gonna do , cry about it ?  ManUpBabies
The Daily Show kicks off its week in Austin , Texas .  
TDSBreakingNews Vatican digitizing thousands of rarest texts .  Also inserting sexy vampires and wolves , so kids will read them . 
The Daily Show in Austin , Texas !   
TDSBreakingNews Justice Alito denied brunch by hostess who didn't recognize him .  Reached for comment Alito sobbed , brunch is for a-holes ! 
TDSBreakingNews Chocolate found to improve memory .  A jealous vanilla quickly forgets why it was jealous . 
Democalypse 2014 :  South By South Mess -- The DailyShow is all new , all next week from Austin , Texas ! 
TDSBreakingNews First 'dead heart' transplant a success .  Great publicity for the 5 emo bands named Dead Heart Transplant . 
Monday !  TDS in Texas !  The best thing to happen to Austin since .  .  .  whatever great thing they hosted last weekend . 
TDSBreakingNews Largest sunspot in more than 20 years facing Earth .  I'm having trouble seeing it , reports idiot staring at sun . 
TDSBreakingNews Rep .  Steve King :  I don't expect to meet gays in heaven .  Someone get this guy a heart and a ticket to Angels In America ! 
The Daily Show is taping in Austin all of next week !  Speaking of , we need a place to crash -- any Austinites have , like , 80 couches ? 
TDSBreakingNews Patients avoid Dallas hospital that treated Ebola patient .  Prefer to stick to hospitals where no one has ever been sick . 
TDSBreakingNews Dogs catch another White House fence jumper .  His first mistake :  the frisbee disguise .  ItAlwaysWorkedBefore
TDSBreakingNews Swiss company apologizes for 'Hitler' creamer .  Also apologizes for calling Half and Half dairy miscegenation . 
Democalypse 2014 :  South By South Mess -- The DailyShow is all new , all next week from Austin , Texas ! 
Next week :  The DailyShow is all new from Austin , Texas !  southbysouthmess
TDSBreakingNews Spanish nurse cured of Ebola .  Doctors prescribed dancing flamenco on plates of tapas during siesta .  ThingsWeKnowAboutSpain
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds profits plummet 30% .  Hamburglar forced to steal burgers to survive instead of just for the thrill . 
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie :  'I'm tired of hearing about minimum wage' .  Suggests we seek surgical solution to wage gap . 
Next week :  The DailyShow is all-new from Austin , Texas !  southbysouthmess
TDSBreakingNews 2nd Royal baby due in May .  Looks forward to suckling on hired commoner's   teat .  YesAllPrinces
TDSBreakingNews Obama makes campaign appearance , people leave early .  In their defense , nobody cares about Obama anymore . 
The DailyShow has a podcast ?  It does .  Five episodes so far .  Catch up with 11 different hilarious hosts :  
TDSBreakingNews Peyton Manning breaks touchdown record .  A useless Brett Favre shot into cold vacuum of space . 
In Florida , Charlie Crist uses  during a debate .  Rick Scott refuses to attend .  
Sam Brownback's   Conservative Kansas Experiment 
I've fired over a thousand people - easily .  - Al Madrigal DailyShowPodcast 
TDSBreakingNews 'Foreign underwater activity' reported in Sweden .  Report by guy who never knew there's   a lot of stuff going on under there . 
Dear Austin , Texas :  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 for a live show featuring The Best F king News Team !   DailyShow
 .  .  . And then there are the emails .  Oh dear god , the emails from the Democrats .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes Podcasts 
Democalypse 2014 - Wait , How the F**k Does That Happen 
Zach Galifianakis and Jon discuss his new film Birdman and the nice people at   
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   credit card denied at NYC restaurant .  china finally called in our debt .  WhyDidWePutItOnHisPersonalCard
Jessica R .  Williams goes to Kansas to test the outcome of a conservative free market experiment .   
In Florida , Charlie Crist uses  during a debate .  Rick Scott refuses to attend .   
TDSBreakingNews Top 1% own half of global wealth .  As well as half of every tweet .  ALSO THEY'RE VERY STRONG AND COOL
I've fired over a thousand people - easily .  - Al Madrigal DailyShowPodcast 
Live stand-up comedy in Austin , Texas from The DailyShow's   writers and producers !  Sunday , Oct 26 :  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Male brains wired to ignore food for sex .  But they'd never ignore their bros for it .  NEVER their bros .  bros
New !  The DailyShowPodcast without Jon Stewart welcomes Al Madrigal and Hallie Haglund  
Democalypse 2014 - Just Try Not to Say Something Stupid for 90 Minutes 
Zach Galifianakis and Jon discuss his new film Birdman and the nice people at    
Au Bon Panic  
Democalypse 2014 - Wait , How the F**k Does That Happen 
TDSBreakingNews Halloween Ebola costumes cause controversy .  Sexy Ebola costumes cause controversy AND boners . 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un reappears with a cane .  Unrelated :  Every North Korean now required to walk with canes . 
Matt Bai explains how the Gary Hart scandal altered the boundaries between politicians' public and private lives .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes Podcasts 
 .  .  . And then there are the emails .  Oh dear god , the emails from the Democrats .   
TDSBreakingNews Vatican signals more tolerance for gays and remarriage .  Pope explains , love is love , man and rolls a fat doobie .  SoCool
Dear Austin , Texas :  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 for a live show featuring The Best F king News Team !   DailyShow
Latinos are the original gays .  - Al Madrigal  
Hey Austin , Texas !  Join us on Sunday , Oct 26 at The North Door  ndaustin )  .  Tickets :   
This week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c . 
Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta examines America's   foreign policy strategy .  
TDSBreakingNews Airplane cabin cleaners strike at LaGuardia .  Demanding compensation for grueling task of cleaning smug out of first-class . 
Wyatt Cenac joins Jason Jones and Samantha Bee at the desk .  
Kristen Schaal takes a closer look at how the GOP is reaching out to women .  
TDSBreakingNews Malala Yousafzai wins Nobel Peace Prize .  Guidance counselor still recommends joining debate club to improve college application . 
Obama and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad War 
Lawsuits of the Rich and Shameless 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c . 
Next week :  Author Matt Bai  Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , and author Bryan Stevenson .  11/10c .  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team welcomes new correspondent Hasan Minhaj and new contributor Trevor Noah 
Lawsuits of the Rich and Shameless 
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jong Un's   sister rumored to be running Korea .  Triumph for feminist dictators everywhere .  GirlPower GirlAbsolutePower
TDSBreakingNews Maryland Governor says Wifi is a human right .  Adds , Also , will anyone let me borrow their HBO GO password ? 
We gave Obama our hearts and all we got in return is this free birth control ?   
Obama and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad War 
Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta examines America's   foreign policy strategy .  
Kristen Schaal takes a closer look at how the GOP is reaching out to women .   
TDSBreakingNews Hawaii drops plans to name park after Obama .  Changes state motto to Hey , he's   Kenya's   problem .  HardCoreDiss
Wyatt Cenac joins Jason Jones and Samantha Bee at the desk .   
Samantha Bee searches for statistics detailing the excessive use of lethal force by the police .   
The Fault in His Speech  
TDSBreakingNews 110 mil Americans have STDs .  Got confused , thought condoms were supposed to be taken orally .  SimpleMistake
Jason Jones hosts the show while Jon is out sick .  DailyShow GameofJones 
Jon is out sick and Jason Jones seizes the TDS throne .  GameofJones
TDSBreakingNews Walmart cuts health benefits for 30 ,000 .  On the plus side , insurance-rollback announced by adorable yellow smiley-face ! 
Jason Jones speaks with Native American activists as well as devoted football fans .   
Last night's   full episode :  
Kristen Schaal unveils her line of sexy Halloween costumes .    ( 2013 ) 
Dr .  Atul Gawande endeavors to start a compassionate and well-reasoned dialogue about the end of life .  
Jordan Klepper visits the U . N .  to determine which countries are responsible for the messy state of the world .  
TDSBreakingNews Radioactivity in Norway reindeers hits high .  Implying reindeer radioactivity not a new thing .  RegrettingThatReindeerSteak
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 5 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 citizens don't speak English at home .  4 in 5 teens don't speak words at home . 
TDSBreakingNews Ebola fears boost sales of emergency supplies in 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 .  But what if that's   exactly what the Ebola WANTS us to do ?  paranoid
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .  
Subscribe to The DailyShowPodcast on iTunes :  
This week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
DailyShowPodcast :  Jordan Klepper experiments with saying the word 's  exy . '   writes jokes with Seinfeld .  
TDSBreakingNews Zimbabwe police given lessons in smiling .  1st lesson :  try and make , like , a frown , but the opposite .  helpful
This week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
Here's   how dysfunctional the Secret Service is at this point :  Congress had to help them come up with solutions .  
How a Bill Becomes an Ad 
A Million Ways to Die in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .  
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   meet Wu Tang Clan and Jerry Seinfeld 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Atul Gawande Bill O'Reilly , former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , and actor Jeremy Renner .  11/10c . 
Jessica R .  Williams sits down with the women of New York City to talk about street harassment .   
A Million Ways to Die in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 
TDSBreakingNews Pepsi launches 60 cal soda with controversial ingredient , 200 more calories . 
TDSBreakingNews CIA doesn't think it's   keeping too many secrets .  After all , it's   only trying to protect us from  ( TWEET REDACTED ) 
Here's   how dysfunctional the Secret Service is at this point :  Congress had to help them come up with solutions .  
Germs of Engagement 
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   remember meeting Wu Tang Clan and Jerry Seinfeld respectively .  
The Secret Service blunders the handling of an intruder in the White House .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 has already spent $1B fighting ISIS .  But at least the boots that'll be on the ground will be faaaaaaabulous .  Louboutin
TDSBreakingNews Rick Perry :  My security would knock intruder 'dead down' .  Security pet name for the rifle he hides in his jogging pants . 
New DailyShowPodcast !  Jordan Klepper and   discuss improv , stand-up , Wu-Tang .   
TDSBreakingNews World's   oldest clown dies at 98 .  Will be squeezed inside tiny coffin along with 9 other dead clowns . 
indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi receives a superstar welcome in the 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2  
TDSBreakingNews Climate change causing heat waves in Australia .  Residents can now just throw a shrimp on the sidewalky . 
How a Bill Becomes an Ad 
TDSBreakingNews CA colleges get genderless bathrooms , or , as female students call them , force-students-to-hold-poop-rooms . 
The U . N .  Climate Summit draws leaders together from around the world .   
If the Redskins' name is changed and I have children one day , what will I pass on to them ?   
Chatty Chatty , Bomb Bomb 
TDSBreakingNews Men get own version of Yahoo !  w/ Yahoo !  for Men .  Bing creates Bing For Women , or Men , Somebody Visit This Goddamn Site . 
TDSBreakingNews Hospitals starting to ask patients to pay upfront .  Or leave vital organ as collateral .  GotstaGetPaid
This week :  Hadi Albahra of the Syrian National Coalition , actor Ben Affleck , author Lena Dunham and filmmaker Ben Steele .  11/10c . 
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
This week :  Jon welcomes Hadi Albahra of the Syrian National Coalition , actor Ben Affleck , author Lena Dunham and filmmaker Ben Steele . 
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
TDSBreakingNews Man charged with smuggling 51 turtles in sweatpants .  It was that last 1 that got him caught .  OverAmbitious WhyNot50
The news media dedicates its time to President Barack Obama's   latte salute .  
TDSBreakingNews ATMs dispensing gold appear in Singapore .  But only in Cash4Gold stores .  TwoStepProcess
The People's   Climate March takes place in New York City .  
Jason Jones sits down with Native American activists and devoted Redskins fans .   
TDSBreakingNews Some water on Earth is older than sun .  Sun :  I'll outlive every last drop .  ClimateChange
Full Episode - The media fixates on President Obama's   latte salute and Jason Jones investigates the Redskins' name .  
The news media dedicates its time to President Barack Obama's   latte salute .  
Dear 1D fans :  We didn't know the band members' names , religions , hobbies , etc .  Just knew they were popular .  But not THIS popular .  whoa
Jason Jones speaks with Native American activists and devoted football fans about the Redskins' controversial logo .  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil releases mosquitoes to fight dengue fever .  Mosquitoes bid goodbye to families as I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing plays . 
Jason Jones just can't stop dancing .  
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare will help save hospitals nealy $6 bil .  Yeah , but .  .  .  uh .  .  .  LATTE SALUTE !  SmokeBomb
TDSBreakingNews Tight pants bending iPhone 6+ .  Join the club say penises in tight pants . 
To support pit bulls at Tia Torres' Villalobos Rescue Center in New Orleans , donate here :  
TDSBreakingNews Brazil refuses to sign UN's   pledge to slow deforestation .  ComeOn TooEasy ItsAWaxingJokeRUStupidOrSomething
TDSBreakingNews Walmart to offer checking accounts .  Except to own employees , who don't make enough to meet minimum balance . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Diabetes boom comes to an end .  Now outsourcing diabetes to Mexico .  Seriously NoJoke
Jessica R .  Williams reports on the latest terrorist groups , including Al-Fa'aq-U-Up .   
The United States and its coalition of supporters begin airstrikes against ISIS in Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews American middle class hasn't gotten a raise in 15 yrs .  Also hasn't worked up courage to ask out cute receptionist .  GoForIt
The House Science , Space , and Technology Committee struggles with the basic principles of global warming .  
TDSBreakingNews White House puts up second fence for extra security .  But second fence to be shorter , just so it's   not unfair . 
Jason Jones reveals what the Secret Service really does while the Obamas are away .  
1600 Jump Street 
It's   National Voter Registration Day .  Register :   and spread the word .  CelebrateNVRD
The People's   Climate March takes place in New York City .   
TDSBreakingNews Rockefeller family denounces oil .  Koch brothers seen running to oil's   house with a bouquet of flowers . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  25% of Americans want their state to secede .  Country changes name to It's   Complicated States of America . 
TDSBreakingNews Mysterious 'interceptor' cell towers found near WH .  Asked of involvement , Angela Merkel winks , says the game is afoot . 
Samantha Bee reports on the state of Lindsey Graham's   paranoia .  
Democalypse 2016 :  Willary or Won'tary 
Jason !   DailyShow
New DailyShowPodcast :   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss racial profiling and Twitter trolls .  And Saturday Night Live 
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie :  'Roger Goodell is an honest man' .  Clearest signal yet that Christie has no interest in presidential run . 
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players 
Next week :  Author   author General Tony Zinni , animalplanet's   Tia Torres , and author Steven Johnson 11/10c . 
Don't be a stranger , Wyatt .  - Jason Jones says goodbye to  
TDSBreakingNews scotland rejects independence .  They may take our lives , but they'll never take .  .  . actually just take whatever . 
Next week :  Author   author General Tony Zinni , animalplanet's   Tia Torres , and author Steven Johnson 11/10c .  DailyShow
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players  
Last night :  Joe Biden's   word choices ,  heartfelt goodbye , and Bill Clinton .  
TDSBreakingNews Pizza Hut tests 's  kinny slice' .  Slice criticized for setting unfair beauty standards for thicker slices . 
TDSBreakingNews Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God .  Adds :  But atheism doesn't pay them bills , sooo .  .  . 
TDSBreakingNews Stoners find love on marijuana dating sites .  Also find Sexy Pringles In Their Area . 
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in Jason !   
New DailyShowPodcast :   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss racial profiling and Twitter trolls .  And Saturday Night Live 
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen - The Fault in Our Star Players  
TDSBreakingNews New blood test could detect clinical depression .  Test :  Draw blood while asking patient if nothing matters . 
TDSBreakingNews New Facebook for rich people costs $9 ,000 to join .  Babies in photos are all dipped in gold . 
TDSBreakingNews American arrested after trying to swim to N .  Korea .  Asks rescuers Wait .  Which one is the good one ? 
Bill Hader remembers having 'the Friday night crazies' with Kristen Wiig on SNL .   
New !   Travon Free and Jo Miller discuss Ferguson and Che's   move to SNL .  DailyShowPodcast  
Democalypse 2016 :  Willary or Won'tary 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists give mice human brain for study .  Mice wish they'd been assigned to cosmetic testing SimplerTime SoManyFeelings
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Liberals and conservatives smell differently .  Like weed and gunpowder , respectively . 
Samantha Bee reports on the state of Lindsey Graham's   paranoia .  
Welcome Back , Combat  
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell owner's   next big thing :  Vietnamese fast food .  But what did we DO ?  !  Vietnamese cry . 
TDSBreakingNews VT schools ban brownies .  Now Vermont teens forced to hide pot in healthy foods . 
2004 :  Ed Helms reports on the camera phone  
Masters of Sexism 
This week :  Jon welcomes filmmaker Ken Burns Bill Hader , and Jessica Chastain 11/10c . 
Jon sits down with United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .  
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
This week :  Jon welcomes filmmaker Ken Burns Bill Hader , and Jessica Chastain 11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews More millennials saying no to credit cards .  Prefer to use Bitcoin , Webca$h and CyberDollaz Last2AreMadeUp
Jordan Klepper investigates how Obamacare ruins lives .  
The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen 
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expresses the need for the world to unite in defense of peace .  
DeMacAlypse 2014 - How to Secede in Britain Without Really Fighting 
Ray Rice faces indefinite expulsion and the NFL answers questions about which video it had seen and when .  
TDSBreakingNews Some golf courses reject Obama over Labor Day .  Use the race card , Barack !  If there's   any time to use it , it's   now ! 
Thoroughly Modern Militants 
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   sales worst in a decade .  Grimace resigns , plans to spend more time finding out what he is . 
TDSBreakingNews G . W .  Bush gives Clinton advice on being a grandfather .  Always ends diaper changing with a hearty Lotion Accomplished . 
This October , The DailyShow travels to Austin , Texas for coverage of DEMOCALYPSE 2014 :  SOUTH BY SOUTH MESS 
TDSBreakingNews CA becomes first state to ban plastic bags .  But who will be the LAST ?  !  Mississippi . 
TDSBreakingNews Olive Garden :  $100 for 7 weeks of pasta .  7 Weeks of Pasta now the most affordable biblical plague . 
Jason !   
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare site hacked but nothing taken .  Technicians promise site will be totally hack-worthy within 6 months . 
Star Hack :  The Nude Generation - Leak Squad .  Jordan Klepper reports .  
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  
Masters of Sexism 
Michael Che investigates a conspiracy involving thousands of children posing as refugees .  
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
Moment of Zen - Joan Rivers Tribute 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  Episode 02 features Jason Jones and writer Zhubin Parang 
Moment of Zen - Joan Rivers Tribute 
Michael Che investigates a conspiracy involving thousands of children posing as refugees .   
Democalypse 2014 :  It's   All About That Base 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  1 in 10 California workers illegal .  In further scandal , only 1 in 10 California girls unforgettable . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple stock drops dramatically after nude pic scandal .  Stock in Amalgamated Masturbating Creeps climbs to record high . 
TDSBreakingNews Fast food workers strike coast to coast .  Make like a heart after thirty years of Big Macs , and stop working . 
Crisis in the Everywhere 
Star Hack :  The Nude Generation - Leak Squad .  Jordan Klepper reports .   
TDSBreakingNews NYC St .  Patrick's   Day Parade lifts ban on gay groups .  Gays decline , since they have their own better parade now anyway . 
Jason Jones has been to iran and Russia .  Now , he faces his most dangerous mission :  Daytime TV .   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 50% of women can locate the vagina on a diagram .  100% of men just masturbated to the diagram . 
TDSBreakingNews Google developing 'chip' to make machines think like humans .  A step closer to the utopia depicted in the Terminator series . 
New :  The Daily Show Podcast without Jon Stewart 
Jessica R .  Williams tells men who think catcalling is a good idea to find some impulse control .   
Masters of Sexism  
TDSBreakingNews The average work week is now 47 hours long .  Actual work done during week holding steady at 47 minutes .  BlameTwitter
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart is all new !  Episode 02 features Jason Jones and writer Zhubin Parang 
TDSBreakingNews Detroit bankruptcy trial begins .  City attorney arrives at court dressed in his finest barrel . 
Jason Jones makes his daytime debut in the latest from Correspondent Central :  
I gotta tell ya .  That is an Olan Mills quality mugshot .   
Next week :  Author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
Rosewater trailer :  
The DailyShow Newsletter :  
Race/Off 
This week :  Jon welcomes author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jon Stewart takes the Ferguson Protest Challenge 
Jon Stewart on Ferguson 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine Tuesday at 11/10c .  DailyShow
 reports on the shooting of an unarmed black man in Ferguson from anywhere else .  
Jon , there's   been no grab-ass .  No dick snaps .  No ball-cupping !  - Samantha Bee 
Rosewater trailer :  
Jon Stewart debuts two scenes from his film Rosewater 
Rosewater trailer :  
Next week :  Author   filmmaker Rory Kennedy , and Maroon 5's   Adam Levine 11/10c .  DailyShow
Race/Off  Ferguson
Jon Stewart debuts two scenes from his film Rosewater  
I gotta tell ya .  That is an Olan Mills quality mugshot .   
TDSBreakingNews ISIS burning marijuana fields in Syria .  Suddenly become very hungry , forget to form a caliphate .  WaitWhatWereWeDoingAgain
TDSBreakingNews Scientists replace boy's   vertebra with a 3D printed bone .  No one more excited than 3D printed dogs . 
TDSBreakingNews Music album sales hits 23-year low .  Desperate sellers offer free Blockbuster Video franchise with every CD purchase . 
Samantha Bee offers   suggestions for fitting in as an NFL player .   
Race/Off 
All we seem know about this group right now is they do incredibly evil s**t .  - Jon Stewart  
TDSBreakingNews Italian politician asks pope for exorcism .  Pope follows therapists advise to say no sometimes StretchedTooThin MeTime
TDSBreakingNews Nigeria closes schools over Ebola .  Now Ebola virus will NEVER learn to read . 
TDSBreakingNews Apple launching largest iPad ever .  Also comes with laptop keyboard and laptop speakers and also is a laptop . 
Race/Off 
 reports on the shooting of an unarmed black man in Ferguson from anywhere else .   
Race/Off  
Jon Stewart takes the Ferguson Protest Challenge  
TDSBreakingNews Sea plankton found on International Space Station , providing much needed sustenance to hungry space guppies .  TooCute
TDSBreakingNews Study :  School should start later for teens' health .  Teens fail to make it through study without falling asleep . 
TDSBreakingNews Burger King Buying Tim Hortons for $11B .  Related :  diabetes and heart disease announce merger of their own . 
The DailyShow returns Tuesday night with all new episodes !  11/10c on
Science :  What's   It Up To ?   
BackToSchool  
Fox News Welfare Academy  BackToSchool 
The Daily Show goes BackToSchool :   
BackToSchool  
Wu-Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal .  
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition 
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart -- Episode 01 :  Elliott Kalan and Jessica R .  Williams 
Michael Che investigates American loyalty to political brand names .  
Go behind the scenes with the writers , producers and correspondents who make the show .  
RIP Robin Williams , 1951-2014 .   
The DailyShow Podcast without Jon Stewart -- Episode 01 :  Elliott Kalan and Jessica R .  Williams  
Go behind the scenes with the writers , producers and correspondents who make the show .  Everyone but Jon , really .  
New !  Listen to the very first episode of The Daily Show Podcast without Jon Stewart :   
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition 
Moment of Zen - Noah Apparently Ritter 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single and closes with Triumph  DailyShow
Down here the term coyote is considered offensive .  They prefer 'pediatric immigration consultant . ' - Jordan Klepper 
The Kids in the Haul 
  describes making her documentary Rich Hill .  
Democalypse 2016 - Coif to the Races Edition  
Exclusive :  Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph 
TDSBreakingNews Target comes out in support of gay marriage .  Bullseye the dog and unnamed spaniel get matching tattoos .  AreTheyOrArentThey
Wu Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
TDSBreakingNews Americans renouncing citizenship hits new record .  I'll take it !  - 30 ,000 children at the border . 
TDSBreakingNews Bieber FaceTimes with Malala .  Dear God , hasn't that brave girl already suffered enough ?  ! 
Wu Tang Clan reunites and performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
Exclusive :  Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph .  
In celebration of 20 years together , Wu-Tang Clan performs Triumph .  
Democalypse 2014 - The Battle Hymn of the Republicans 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single Ron O'Neal 
Wu Tang Clan performs their new single and closes with Triumph  DailyShow 
TDSBreakingNews Spacecraft orbits comet for the first time .  Won't leave 'til comet reveals what it's   got against dinosaurs .  65MilYearBeef
TDSBreakingNews Russian hackers steal 1 . 2 bil passwords .  Claim passwords were ethnically Russian anyway , so .  .  . 
Michael Che  investigates American loyalty to political brand names .   
A massive outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa causes a health scare .   
Elisabeth Moss explains why she can only give an enigmatic description of her film The One I Love .  
Down here the term coyote is considered offensive .  They prefer 'pediatric immigration consultant . ' - Jordan Klepper 
The Kids in the Haul  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 altered flight path to avoid Russians .  Also ate lunch in bathroom to avoid them in cafeteria .  bullies teasinghurts
TDSBreakingNews israel spied on John Kerry in Mideast peace talks .  Caught him googling what is Gaza ?  and how to peace talk . 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2DA announces 1st update to poultry inspection rules since 1957 .  Hats now optional and lady chickens can go w/o gloves . 
Ravens running back Ray Rice beats his then-fiancee on camera , causing the NFL to punish him accordingly .  
This week :  Jon welcomes actor Elisabeth Moss , author Helen Thorpe , Wu Tang Clan and filmmaker   11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Dog gym opens outside DC .  Post-workout juice bar serves extract of other dogs' butts . 
Dr .  Gupta Investigates :  Butthole or Bellybutton ?  NewCNNShows  
Ravens running back Ray Rice beats his then-fiancee on camera , causing the NFL to punish him accordingly .  
TDSBreakingNews Kardashian virtual game makes $700K per day .  Money issues public apology , ashamed to be part of this scandal . 
TDSBreakingNews Russia proposes banning soldier selfies .  But how will they remember all the good times at war ? 
TDSBreakingNews Ruth Bader Ginsberg :  Men don't get it .  Men :  Ruth Bader Ginsberg doesn't get it !  !  !  !  ThenTheyMakeOut
Maggie Gyllenhaal discusses working on The Honourable Woman .  
Jon offers a solution for stopping corporate tax inversion .   
Internet Killed the Newspaper Star  
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   McNuggets in japan are made of fish and tofu .  But their fast food workers' misery is 100% organic . 
Studio racetrack so CNN staff can recreate car chases .  NewCNNTech 
TDSBreakingNews Northwestern University to offer 'gender-open' restrooms .  Shy students will now just hold it in until the semester's   over . 
Automatics for the People 
The Duh Room .  NewCNNShows 
CNN :  A Midsummer News Dreams 
TDSBreakingNews Dubai pays kids in gold to lose weight .  Risking a nation of spoiled rich brats , but attractive thin ones , so it evens out . 
Let's   make CNN better .  
Studio Jetpacks !  NewCNNTech 
Don Lemon's   Zesty News Bowl NewCNNShows 
TDSBreakingNews Grover Norquist is going to Burning Man .  Thinking anti-tax message will resonate better if delivered in a neon thong . 
TDSBreakingNews The handicap symbol gets an update in NY .  Also , Walk Light Man finally asks Restroom Woman on date .  
Sonia Nazario   describes the treacherous journey facing child refugees fleeing Central America .  
This isn't a white-black issue , Jon .  This is a cop-black issue .  - Larry Wilmore  
Five Officers and a Gentle Man 
TDSBreakingNews Sarah Palin launches her own online channel .  Hopes extreme political rants are welcome online .  OnlyTimeWillTell
TDSBreakingNews Obama banned from visiting Chechnya .  Obama throws away half-finished manuscript for Let's   Go Chechnya !  DreamDeferred
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Fist bumps are safer than handshakes .  Unless done with great force to the face .  OneCaveat
This week :  Author   journalist   actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , and actress Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c .  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Thesaurus lists 'right-winger' as synonym for 'obstructionist . ' Right-wingers vow to block thesaurus sales forever . 
A ruling on a clause in the Affordable Care Act causes utter chaos -- until later that same day .  
 sueturtonaje discusses the underlying reasons her Al Jazeera colleagues are in prison in Egypt .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author   journalist   Maggie Gyllenhaal , and Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c on
It was a dark chapter of American history .  - George Takei 
TDSBreakingNews Russia loses control of satellite full of geckos .  In related news , Putin trying way too hard to distract us from Ukraine . 
Next week :  Author   journalist   actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , and actress Aubrey Plaza .  11/10c on
An artist in japan is arrested for distributing plans to create 3D prints of her vagina .   
CSI :  Cuomo Scandal Investigation 
Moment of Zen - Good Luck ,    DailyShow
While on vacation in Naples , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio eats pizza with a fork -- again .  
TDSBreakingNews FLOTUS takes credit for more people drinking water .  Clearly in pocket of powerful urine lobby . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama's   motorcade delays woman in labor .  Never too early for children to learn about political gridlock . 
TDSBreakingNews Smartphone apps claim to repel mosquitoes .  Mostly because mosquitoes are hopeless with new technology .  NaturesGrandmas
A ruling on a clause in the Affordable Care Act causes utter chaos -- until later that same day .  
It was a dark chapter of American history .  - George Takei  
I Miss What We Did Last Summer 
Two different courts offer two entirely different interpretations of the exact same clause on the same exact day .  
TDSBreakingNews Obama on statehood for DC :  'I'm for it' .  Adding an uncharacteristic I mean , f**k it , right ?  SoOverIt
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth's   racehorse tests positive for drugs .  Corgis refuse to give blood samples .  ButPlentyOfPeeToGoAround
Full episode :  Jon invites John McCain to an old fashioned Wrong-Off .   
What Would Reagan Do ?  
Somebody bring me my smellin' turds .  - Jon Stewart 
TDSBreakingNews LA overturns living-in-car ban .  That's   one way to deal with a terrible economy !  CreativeSolutions
This week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c .  DailyShow
The 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Patent and Trademark Office determines that the Redskins' name is a racial slur .  
Texas Republicans endorse reparative therapy for gays .  getmemysmellingturds 
Next week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Rick Santorum :  Gay marriage hurts the economy .  Specifically therapists , who have fewer unhappy sham marriages to treat . 
Jon Stewart and Kevin Hart remember their favorite WWE wrestlers .  
Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Investigation shows that several 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 drones have disappeared .  Believed to have fallen in love , ran away together . 
Next week :  Bill Maher author Jennifer Esposito Keira Knightly , and Melissa McCarthy .  11/10c .  DailyShow
In a 5-4 decision , the Supreme Court decides against allowing individuals to lie on federal forms when buying a gun .  
These legal decisions are the subject of our new segment .  .  .    
TDSBreakingNews Dallas County commissioners unwittingly back slavery reparations .  Quit taking advantage of us just because we can't read ! 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 now 101st 'most peaceful' nation on earth .  Ranking to improve once we've all shot each other . 
TDSBreakingNews Harley Davidson to launch electric motorcycle .  Biker motto to become Ass , grass , or 4-hour charge , no one rides for free . 
Hard-Hitting News on HillaryClinton's   Hard Choices 
Jon Stewart and Kevin Hart remember their favorite WWE wrestlers .   
Al Madrigal visits Louisiana , where cockfighting is outlawed , to learn about chicken boxing .   
TDSBreakingNews African firm sells pepper-spray bullet firing drones .  Pfft , call us when those bullets are made from great white sharks ! 
Somebody bring me my smellin' turds .  - Jon Stewart 
Texas Republicans endorse reparative therapy for gays .  getmemysmellingturds 
TDSBreakingNews Sebelius shares 'most terrifying' moment of Obamacare launch .  Despite flashlight under chin , campers remain un-terrified . 
Mess O'Potamia - Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Rob Ford to return to work June 30th .  Per terms of his sobriety , crack will no longer be stocked in office vending machine . 
C . E . O .  Howard Schultz describes Starbucks's   plan to pay college tuition costs for all of its employees .  
TDSBreakingNews Ron Paul giving away AR-15 to one lucky supporter , along with I disarmed a crazy old man t-shirt . 
Mess O'Potamia  
iran , meet me at camera three .  - Jon Stewart  
Mess O'Potamia - Now That's   What I Call Being Completely F**king Wrong About Iraq 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  caffeine affects girls and boys differently .  Girls got 1/3 fewer boners than boys .  MenAreFromMars
TDSBreakingNews Illinois passes law banning police ticket quotas .  Residents celebrate with drag racing and public urination . 
Glass Half Empty  
Know What , We'll Take It 
This week :  Jon welcomes Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito 11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Bad economy makes people more racist .  Paula Deen says , Yeeaaah .  THAT's   what it was .  The economy ! 
Operation Deserter Storm :  Home Is Where the Hate Is 
Fumble !  - Jordan Klepper reports on college football players who want to unionize .  
The V . A .  reveals the department hasn't updated its technology since 1985 .  
TDSBreakingNews Dog the Bounty Hunter considered going after Snowden .  C . I . A .  considered honoring him for his theoretical service .  hero
Jason Jones and Jessica R .  Williams after their pants-ripping report on hostage release .  
Next week :  Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito DailyShow
I have a groundhog .  I have hummingbirds .  I have huge raccoons .  - Christopher Walken 
TDSBreakingNews Pope ditches popemobile , says he has 'little to lose at my age' .  Also ditches fancy robes for sweatpants .  GivingUp
Next week :  Starbucks Coffee CEO Howard Schultz , author   comedian Kevin Hart and author Jennifer Esposito 11/10c . 
Jason Jones sits down with people who think it's   a good idea to wear Google Glass to understand their plight .  
Mess O'Potamia - 2014 Edition 
I have a groundhog .  I have hummingbirds .  I have huge raccoons .  - Christopher Walken  
TDSBreakingNew Mississippi named most corrupt state .  Celebrates with huge party paid for by education block grant . 
TDSBreakingNews Scientists recreate Spanish flu virus .  Study funded by the World Foundation for What Could Go Wrong ? 
Know What , We'll Take It 
Eric Cantor loses the Virginia primary in a surprising upset .   
TDSBreakingNews Ford plans car parts made from tomatoes .  Mostly for very small airbags .  NotGonnaEndWell
TDSBreakingNews Half of college grads still relying on parents' money .  Other half reportedly settling for their love .  RawDeal
TDSBreakingNews Ted Cruz sheds his Canadian dual citizenship .  Tearfully tosses his Celine Dion collection into trash HisHeartWillGoOn
Sebastian Junger discusses his documentary Korengal and opportunities for veterans once they return home .  
Fumble !  - Jordan Klepper reports on college football players who want to unionize .   
Jason Jones and Jessica R .  Williams after their pants-ripping report on hostage release .   
The V . A .  reveals the department hasn't updated its technology since 1985 .  
TDSBreakingNews Videos may make up 84% of internet traffic by 2018 .  86% if science invents a new way for cats to be adorable .  NOTPOSSIBLE
TDSBreakingNews A 'very tired' pope Francis takes first ever day off .  Mainly sits around not wearing a giant hat .  NeckStrain
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton :  Benghazi is 'more of a reason' to run for president , adding Otherwise how will they impeach me over it ? 
If I was president , I would have gotten Bergdahl back for an 8GB iPhone 3 and a pack of gum .  - Jason Jones 
Operation Deserter Storm :  Home Is Where the Hate Is 
Full Episode :  Fox News gets worked up over a beard and Jason Jones and Jessica Williams report on the Bowe Bergdahl .  
TDSBreakingNews Oldest man on earth dies at 111 .  Pulled off pretty sweet jetski jump but botched the landing .  ActiveInRetirement
TDSBreakingNews Wisconsin Attorney General tries to halt gay marriages .  Just wants gay couples to keep their options open .  CommitmentPhobe
Michael Che  makes his debut as a correspondent with a somber report from Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews Oklahoma repeals Common Core .  Can't ever stop terrorism , but at least we can win the war on math .  ProudToBeAnAmerican
A Magnificent , Wonderful Story 
It is imperative that this man run for president .  - Jon Stewart 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 regains all jobs lost in recession .  Minus the 401K's   of course .  But hey , let's   not get greedy here .  Gratitude
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 men's   national team coach :  We cannot win the World Cup .  He's   running the super-secret reverse psychology play .  obvi
Keep Gun and Carry On 
TDSBreakingNews 17% of New Yorkers work in the bathroom .  Well , technically their bathroom/kitchen/office/closet NycAptsAreTiny
TDSBreakingNews Gun homicide rate down 49% since 1993 , public unaware .  See ?  There's   a silver lining to the past 20 years of gun deaths ! 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary Clinton :  I've had one concussion , but Paul Ryan has had three .  Hillary , this isn't a hemorrhaging contest .  GrowUp
Republicans voice their unqualified opinions on a variety of political issues .   
Michael Che  makes his debut as a correspondent with a somber report from Syria .  
TDSBreakingNews 1 in 5 restaurant employees spread norovirus .  Other 4 spread herpes amongst themselves in post-work hookups OfficeRomance
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds says it will support minimum wage hike .  Also says a cheeseburger can be Mayor , so take it with a grain of salt . 
It is imperative that this man run for president .  - Jon Stewart  
A Magnificent , Wonderful Story  
TDSBreakingNews Alabama GOP offers $1K for information about voter fraud .  Teens to spend summer carding neighbors instead of lifeguarding . 
TDSBreakingNews Seattle approves $15 minimum wage .  Minimum wage employees go on decadent shopping spree for basic necessities .  toothpaste
Samantha Bee discovers an outbreak of liberal idiocy .   
Robert De Niro discusses his father's   artistic career .  
Murder , So Rote  dailyshow
A Farewell to Egyptian Satire 
TDSBreakingNews Oliver Stone to direct Snowden film .  Mostly just wants to ask Snowden if he uncovered any secret files about JFK . 
TDSBreakingNews Postman accused of stealing 20K pieces of mail .  Found living in a house made of old ValPaks .  NowThatsABargain
Distinguished Contributors - Lewis Black 
Jon takes a trip down terrible memory lane .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Robert De Niro , Ricky Gervais activist Gigi Ibrahim , and Tom Cruise ! 
Kristen Schaal hopes her advice will help single women everywhere .  
The Daily Show returns Monday with all new episodes .  11/10c . 
Distinguished Contributors - Larry Wilmore 
 . indiaJones reports from the largest democracy on the planet .  
John Hodgman offers Jon years of unsolicited advice .  
Jon Stewart brings communities together at the All-Star Comedy Tribute to Don Rickles .  
Aneesh Chopra explains the technological challenges the government faces .  
Jon starts a rumble with Philly .  
Jon takes a trip down terrible memory lane .  
india Jones files another report from the land of a thousand Modis .  
The Phillie Phanatic's   life has been difficult ever since that sex tape came out .   
indiaJones goes deep undercover as an indian schoolchild .  
World of WarriorShaft - 
indiaJones participates in an indian Zumba class .  
TDSBreakingNews Apple dethroned by Google as world's   most valuable brand .  Bing devastated , wonders where it went wrong .  WhensBingsTurn
TDSBreakingNews France spends $20 . 5 bil on trains 'too wide' for stations , Claim a few months of smoking will get trains thinner . 
Lord , grant indiaJones the serenity to not think about how much poop is in that water .  
Full Episode :  Jason Jones uncovers media bias in india , and Timothy Geithner makes a case for why the bailout worked .  
TDSBreakingNews Census :  more Hispanics identifying as 'white' , mostly to police officers and department store clerks . 
Poll shows 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Number A-1 Star Jason Jones does best indian Election Coverage 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary earned $5 mil since leaving office , all in royalties from Benghazi hearing reruns . 
TDSBreakingNews FBI relaxing pot policy for recruits .  Recruits can now smoke , but then have to bust themselves . 
indiaJones after trading his cameras for beer .  
What city is so insecure it has to put its name on cream cheese ?  - Jon Stewart  
A new type of handgun called the smart gun threatens to harm the status of its fellow guns .   
Chipotle bans guns after pro-gun demonstrators in Dallas stop by for burritos with their assault rifles .  
TDSBreakingNews Florida State Rep :  Common Core will turn students gay .  Florida now used in thousandth consecutive negative connotation . 
TDSBreakingNews NFL cheerleader alleges she was paid $2 per hour .  Forced to eat own pom-poms to survive . 
Jason Jones samples snacks provided to voters in the world's   largest democracy .   
After two weeks of promoting X-Men , James McAvoy admits he realized I am just a walking d**k joke .  
Jon's   Veterans' Affairs F**k-Ups Swear Jar overflowed on last night's   show .   
Big Book of A**holes - Department of Veterans Affairs 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 charges china with cyber-spying on American firms .  Illegally spying on Americans is America's   job , got it ?  BackOff
TDSBreakingNews NY raises minimum age to buy cigarettes to 21 , to join alcohol in the successful teenagers never consume this ever camp . 
TDSBreakingNews Kazakhstan homophobes build wall around gay nightclub .  Increased exclusivity only makes it hotter .  Oops
TDSBreakingNews The Sims 4 rated 'mature' in Russia .  Shirtless horseback riding and invading Crimea still rated very immature . 
This week :  Jon welcomes author Dr .  Martin Blaser , author Ron Suskind , Blondie , and actor Jim Parsons .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Mitt Romney calls for minimum-wage increase .  Adds , So , we're cool now , right , 47%-moochers ? 
F**k , It's   in My Backyard .  Jordan Klepper reports .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Dr .  Martin Blaser , author Ron Suskind , Blondie , and actor Jim Parsons .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Bitcoin is now approved for political donations .  Much like politicians , will probably be worthless in another four years . 
And Justice for Some 
TDSBreakingNews Snapchat admits its photos don't 'disappear forever' .  A sweat-drenched Lindsay Graham demands an investigation now , NOW . 
Taking the LA Clippers for a Spin 
I have to buy the Clippers , Jon , because obviously I own the calves already .  - John John Hodgman  
TDSBreakingNews Amazon workers not given adequate time for lunch , file lawsuit .  But where did they find the time to file a lawsuit ?  BUSTED
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
F**k , It's   in My Backyard .  Jordan Klepper reports .   
If a dog can smell one thing , it's   an asshole .  - Seth Rogen 
Democalypse 2014 - 2016 Foreplay Edition 
TDSBreakingNews Palin :  Hillary's   grandchild could 'open her eyes' on abortion .  Ugh , nobody likes a preachy baby .  LessPoliticsMoreGooGoo
Chewy CK FoodComedians
Kristen Shaa-colate FoodComedians
Al Madrigatoni Al Madrigal FoodComedians
Jescarole Williams foodcomedians
John Hodgmanchego FoodComedians
TDSBreakingNews In 10 years , every country will have armed drones .  In 15 , drones to be considered played out .  In 20 , retro fab . 
TDSBreakingNews Poll finds 1 in 5 people would have sex with a robot , as long as that robot isn't clingy .  GiveMeSomeRoboSpace
Last Night's   Full Episode :  
And Justice for Some 
TDSBreakingNews Russia develops 'Swearbot' to root out online obscenities .  Millions suddenly unable to accurately describe life in Russia . 
Jordan Klepper travels to South Carolina to determine which primary candidate is the farthest to the right .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi - The Outrage Spot 
Jordan Klepper goes to the right of the right .  
Bullet Points Over Benghazi 
TDSBreakingNews UN declares polio emergency .  Polio joins measles , ebola on retro disease comeback tour DontCallItAComeback SeriouslyDoNot
TDSBreakingNews Antarctic ice shelf on the brink of unstoppable melt .  Could Ryan Gosling be to blame ?  MakesEvery1Melt AnInconvenient6pack
A Diverse Array of American Racism 
This week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and
TDSBreakingNews Royal expert claims Pippa had 'false bottom' at royal wedding .  Leads to claims he has false expertise ShowUsUrButtDegree
Next week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and Katie Couric DailyShow
Bill O'Reilly takes issue with Beyonce's   music .   dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Head of LA NAACP quits over ties w/ Sterling .  But if they're so close , why aren't there any Instagram pics of them ?  Wait
Next week :  Former Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , author Peter Schuck , Seth Rogen , and
The Bad News Mayor 
 Beyonce's   music upsets Bill O'Reilly .   
TDSBreakingNews Study :  1st born children dream bigger , achieve more .  But later children more than compensated in hand-me-down jeans . 
TDSBreakingNews Snapchat debuts chat .  Users still waiting for snap feature Misnomer FalseAdvertising GiveTheKidsTheirSnaps
TDSBreakingNews Bill Clinton defends his economic legacy .  Yep , I was pretty awesome he recalls fondly .  DealWithItBro Modesty
No one does corruption better than the Northeast , baby !  - Jon Stewart 
Grimm Shady 
A number of IRS employees owe back taxes to the IRS .   
TDSBreakingNews Taco Bell reveals mystery beef ingredients .  What's   bovine testicular particulate ? 
Consequence-Free Speech 
TDSBreakingNews Camels confirmed as source for MERS virus .  But camels claim they got it from Sheila , so go blame her . 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  calling girls fat may result in weight gain , getting rejected by their hot 28-yr-old selves at HS reunion . 
TDSBreakingNews Donald Sterling banned from NBA .  Luckily there's   still a place for him in basketball .  
Mookie Wilson describes the roster full of characters on the '86 New York New York Mets  
Last Night's   Full Episode :  Larry Wilmore explains how to tackle racism in America .  
The Amazing Racism 
TDSBreakingNews Graduation rate at public high schools reaches 80% .  Other 20% STILL haven't seen Dangerous Minds GetOnIt
TDSBreakingNews Assad to seek 3rd term as Syria president , giving in to popular demand from his bedroom mirror . 
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon to destroy $1B in ammunition .  Will first have to invent bullets that can kill other bullets . 
The Best F king News Team gives CNN some advice on how to effectively cover climate change .  
Stephen Colbert Says Goodbye 
This week :  Jon welcomes former New York Mets OF Mookie Wilson author William Cohan , professors Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page , and
TDSBreakingNews Immigration push threatens to divide republicans , almost as if there were some sort of fence between them .  FenceIrony
TDSBreakingNews Half zebra , half donkey , born at Mexican Zoo .  Donkey tries to convince husband stripes are recessive trait .  CHEATERS
Next week :  Jon welcomes former New York Mets OF Mookie Wilson author William Cohan , professors Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page , and
It's   become clear to me that I've won television .  - Stephen Colbert 
The Broads Must Be Crazy 
Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts recalls drawing on her parents' wisdom to overcome breast cancer .  
Hannity Obsession 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Binge drinking leads to overeating .  Also , in some cases , drunkenness .  Research Science
Gandhi Before india author Ramachandra Guha delves into Gandhi's   early career .  
The Welfare Rancher on the Merits of Slavery 
TDSBreakingNews Coffee prices skyrocket after drought in Brazil .  Citizens jonesing for a fix forced to sell the sequins off their thongs . 
TDSBreakingNews FDA to ban E-cigarettes for minors .  Minors still allowed to teach their parents how to use them .  KidsWithTheirGadgets
TDSBreakingNews 1888 shipwreck debris found near Golden Gate Bridge .  Shipwreck renamed Shipwreckr and sold to Facebook for $23 billion . 
Grazed and Confused - Hannity Obsession 
Last Night :  Jon admits he's   obsessed with Sean Hannity and Stephen Colbert says goodbye .  
It's   become clear to me that I've won television .  - Stephen Colbert  
TDSBreakingNews New study links naps with higher risk of death , possibly due to hasty funeral parlors jumping the gun .  BuriedAsleep
The Broads Must Be Crazy 
TDSBreakingNews Pentagon to replace flight crews w/ full time robots .  Shoulda gone w/ part-time robots ;  save $ on robot health insurance . 
The Broads Must Be Crazy  DailyShow
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
TDSBreakingNews Moving in w/ parents becomes more common for middle-aged .  Parents report drastic increase in accurate microwave clocks . 
Sean Hannity has now made Glenn Beck the voice of reason .   
Apocalypse Cow 
TDSBreakingNews Most Americans doubt the Big Bang Theory .  Stubborn theory responds by continuing to be true . 
TDSBreakingNews Kraft recalls 96 ,000 lbs of Oscar Mayer wieners .  Apparently contaminated with actual beef . 
TDSBreakingNews Regulators approve powdered alcohol .  Parties on the International Space Station just got a lot less lame .  WhoSpikedTheTang
TDSBreakingNews Daycare costs more than college in 31 states .  So severe , people are literally selling their babies to pay for daycare . 
The DailyShow returns this week !  11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Chelsea Clinton is pregnant .  CNN declares baby early frontrunner for 2052 elections . 
The DailyShow returns Monday !  11/10c on
TDSBreakingNews Ireland first country to convict reckless bankers , b/c chasing them out with a flute didn't work .  NiceTryStPatrick
TDSBreakingNews Scientists clone cells from two adult men .  It's   not Adam and Steve , it's   Adam and Adam and Steve and Steve .  GodsWay
TDSBreakingNews Putin :  Obama would save me if I were drowning .  He added , That is why I am unable to respect him .  Coward LetMeDie
Certain guests do a great job of reminding Jon Stewart how short he is .  TDSExclusive 
TDSBreakingNews Study finds brain changes in pot smokers .  Study then forgets what it was about to say .  StudysGottaCutBack
The Best F king News Team returns Monday with all new episodes ! 
Behind the Spotlight :  aasif mandvi Mandvi recalls witnessing a Republican say the N-word on TV .   
TDSBreakingNews Astronauts will grow lettuce in space with NASA veggie farm .  Moonmen urged to start buying local . 
Al Madrigal uncovers a liberal propaganda scheme aimed at Latinos .   
Samantha Bee contemplates the value of fools and confounds Jason Jones with multiple layers of sarcasm .  
TDSBreakingNews Louisiana votes to make bible the state book .  State bird is still Jesus if he were a bird . 
Sports Disparity 
Back to the Torture 
Wilshire Jessup does weird s**t to Obamacare .  
Sean Hannity dedicated not one , not two , but five different shows on the horrors of spring break .  - Jon Stewart 
Portrait Accomplished 
Wilshire Jessup does weird s**t to Obamacare .   
The inception of The Colbert Report .  
Sports Disparity  
Jon Stewart wishes David Letterman the best in retirement and congratulates Stephen Colbert  
TDSBreakingNews Carter :  Southern white men turn to GOP because of 'race' .  And GOP turns to southern racists because of 'votes' .  symbiosis
TDSBreakingNews Scientists grow human body parts in London lab .  Finally , achieve lifelong dream of being able to high five a petri dish . 
Sean Hannity dedicated not one , not two , but five different shows on the horrors of spring break .  - Jon Stewart 
Colin Firth discusses his new movie The Railway Man .  
It could happen here .  - Samantha Bee warns of Russia's   plans to claim a Brooklyn neighborhood  
Full Episode :  Samantha Bee fears Putin is plotting to invade Brooklyn and Fox News covers spring break festivities .  
TDSBreakingNews Airlines stop serving limes due to shortage .  Lemons chant our time is now !  at adorable secret lemon meeting .  FruitTales
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 corps have over $2 tril stashed overseas .  Stashed sounds so ugly .  Let's   say hidden with no intention of being taxed . 
TDSBreakingNews Sweden to try 6 hour public sector workday .  8 hours too grueling coming off 3 year maternity leave .  HappiestPlaceOnEarth
Obamacare is just the first stop on the Univision Telemundo propaganda train .  Al Madrigal  
TDSBreakingNews Summer gas price to dip 1 cent .  And in Galveston it's   free , just scoop it out of the water !  GonnaBeAGoodSummer
TDSBreakingNews Bush , Clinton sit together at NCAA championship game .  Share hot dog , Lady And The Tramp-style .  TheHeartWantsWhatItWants
TDSBreakingNews White House defends its own gender pay gap .  Sasha and Malia's   $5/week allowance skews the average .  StillPrettyWeakAllowance
Back to the Torture 
Portrait Accomplished  
TDSBreakingNews Mormon church :  Homosexuality still not okay .  Wants to avoid being lumped in w/ tolerance fad sweeping nation .  KeepItReal
This week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds closes in Crimea .  Just the latest chapter in longstanding feud between Putin and Ronald McDonald .  AllOverAWoman
This is the continuing saga of the badassery of Samuel L .  Jackson - Jon Stewart 
Governor Chris Christie's   own investigation exonerates him .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow
The Daily Show's   resident Supreme Court sketch artist's   renderings from the recent SCOTUS arguments .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 creates 192 ,000 jobs in march .  Sadly , 192 ,001 would've been the magic number to stop people hating Obama !  SoClose
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Matt Taibbi Denis Leary Jennifer Garner , and Colin Firth .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
Donors Unchained  
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Obamacare more popular than Obama .  President surprised to discover new way Obamacare can screw him .  CantStopWontStop
This is the continuing saga of the badassery of Samuel L .  Jackson - Jon Stewart  
True Defective :  General Motors  
True Defective  
A place less moral than the Caymans ?  Fantastic .  - Deranged Millionaire John John Hodgman  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 confirms warrantless searches of Americans .  Warrants face existential crisis , ask heavens Why was I put on this earth ? 
TDSBreakingNews Merkel approves Germany's   first minimum wage .  German laborers rejoice by frowning slightly less .  NotASmileyPeople
Full Episode :  CNN desperately struggles to fill its news cycle with Flight 370 developments .  
No News Bearers 
TDSBreakingNews japan ends half-century ban on weapons exports .  In the right hands , a human-shaped sex pillow can be lethal .  LilKnownFact
Cash Cow - High-Frequency Trading  ( 2009 )  
TDSBreakingNews Ted Cruz fakes Winston Churchill tattoo for April Fools .  No one more relieved at reveal than ghost of Winston Churchill . 
Governor Chris Christie's   own investigation exonerates him .  
Last Night's   Full Episode :  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  30% of 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 adults get their news from Facebook .  Also where they get 99% of their pokes .  ButWhatOfTheOther1Percent
TDSBreakingNews Paris elects first female mayor .  Immediately cheats on her .  RichCulturalTradition
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on the benefits of fracking .  
This week :  Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  dailyshow
TDSBreakingNews Russian dairy plant closed after workers bathe in milk .  Explains legendary skin of Russian factory workers .  LikePorcelain
MeConnelling 
This week :  Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Obamacare enrollment reaches 6 million .  3 Million of those proud new members of 404 Gateway Not found plan . 
Jude Law joins Jon at the desk to talk about beards and a building in London that looks like giant vibrator .  
CNN takes time to consider a black hole and the Bermuda Triangle .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Peter Dinklage from Game Of Thrones author Michael Lewis , Samuel L .  Jackson , and soccer legend Pele .  11/10c . 
The Benefits of Fracking - aasif mandvi Mandvi reports .   
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
TDSBreakingNews Obama , Pope Francis meet for the first time .  Basketball game cut short by Pope's   trademark backboard-shattering mega-dunk . 
TDSBreakingNews MA Guv candidate passes kidney stone during debate .  Raises question :  why was he peeing on stage ?  PottyTrainOurPoliticians
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds now offering $12 burger .  McDonalds employees trading those burgers on the streets for clothes , shelter . 
I love having a beard .  When I don't have one , I miss it terribly .  - Jon Stewart 
Last Night's   Full Episode :   
The Supreme Court deliberates on Hobby Lobby v .  Sebelius .  
TDSBreakingNews china sells bottled air to tourists .  Ha ha !  They're making a charming joke out of what will eventually kill them !  goofs
TDSBreakingNews North Korean men required to get Kim Jong-un haircuts , under penalty of looking super unhip .  EuphemismForExecution
TDSBreakingNews Russians seize Ukraine's   elite dolphin combat unit .  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 military plots defense strategy against hoops and beach balls . 
Mitchtake !  Make mcconnelling the new Rickrolling mitchrolling  
New :  
Putin doesn't give a s**t .  - Jessica Williams  
MeConnelling 
Surgeon General nominee Dr .  Vivek Murthy's   comments about the NRA draw conservative opposition .  
CNN takes time to consider a black hole and the Bermuda Triangle .   
As theories about the fate of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 snowball , Fox News suspects terrorism .  
Full Episode :  Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , Surgeon General nominee Dr .  Murthy , and Arianna Huffington .  
TDSBreakingNews japan turns over nuclear materials , but hides tentacle porn under mattress during inspection .  WeAllHaveOurVices
TDSBreakingNews Town pays Ted Nugent $16 ,000 not to appear at event .  Spot to be filled by rambling homeless man .  HugeUpgrade
TDSBreakingNews Biden calls on Congress to pass gay rights bill , then undercuts plea by asking Congress to pass nachos .  DudeLovesToSnack
This week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , Jude Law , and FiveThirtyEight 
This week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  
Next week :  We're back !  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return with all new episodes on Monday night !  11/10c . 
Next week :  Jon welcomes Arianna Huffington author Amy Yates Wuelfing , and Jude Law .  DailyShow 11/10c . 
The DailyShow's   Top 30 McConnelling Videos Of All Time 
The Best F king News Team returns with all new episodes - and a brand new f king website  - on Monday night !  11/10c . 
Rock out to some death mcconnelling 
The DailyShow's   Top 30 McConnelling Videos Of All Time 
Can't stop mcconnelling .  dailyshow 
Special Edition :  St .  Patrick's   Day 
McConnelling 
A very patriotic mcconnelling .  dailyshow 
Judge Andrew Napolitano makes his case regarding Abraham Lincoln's   legacy .  
The bagel has been buttered .  - Jordan Klepper 
mcconnelling is just getting started .  dailyshow 
I'm ready for class , professor .  - Jon Stewart to Eric Bolling 
McConnelling 
Jon prepares for Eric Bolling to school him on public assistance .  
McConnelling 
TDSBreakingNews McDonald's   hit by lawsuit , claiming it steals wages .  Hamburglar insists I'm a one-crime man .  HamburgersOnly
TDSBreakingNews Putin's   popularity hits 3-year high .  In response his nipples hit 3-year erectness .  ShirtlessAndLovinIt
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  Americans think sugar is more harmful than pot , ergo pot IS , in fact , a gateway drug .  Munchies MoreBrowniesPlease
The bagel has been buttered .  - Jordan Klepper  
Federally funded penis pumps ?  Samantha Bee reports .   
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 having coldest 6 months since 1912 .  Congress proposes banning October through December from the calendar .  ProblemSolved
TDSBreakingNews Average Wall St .  bonus over $164K .  Average American's   outrage about bonus over WTF !  ARGGG
TDSBreakingNews Gambia drops English as official language .  Addition of the word twerk said to be final straw .  EvenGambiaHasItsLimits
Exclusive - The Weakest Lincoln 
TDSBreakingNews Elephants can differentiate human languages .  Quick !  Kill them before they start correcting our grammar !  OhWaitWeAlreadyAre
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann :  Gays 'bullied Americans' and 'intimidated politicians' .  Probably with their sick abs and pecs .  LookinGoodGays
Pope Francis' papacy turns one .   
TDSBreakingNews Gas prices on the rise again .  Thrifty car owners siphon gas from the Gulf directly into their tanks . 
A supermarket tabloid about God's   emissary on Earth ?  I don't like it .  I love it !   
Republican leaders vie for the spot of presidential hopeful heir apparent at CPAC .  
TDSBreakingNews Sbarro files for bankruptcy .  Americans forced to buy regular pizza and heat it under desk lamp 'til it sweats .  NotTheSame
TDSBreakingNews The Dalai Lama endorses gay marriage .  DL's   huggability factor skyrockets .  TheySaidItWasntPossible WannaPinchDozeCheeks
This week :  Jon welcomes author Paul Taylor , Fox News analyst Judge Napolitano Jason Bateman and author Anita Hill .  11/10 on
Full Episode - Rachel Maddow 
aasif mandvi highlights the quality of the best health care system in the world by visiting RAM 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A 
Fox News deems seafood as an inappropriate food source for low income Americans .  
Russia throws an armed suprise party for its neighbor Crimea .  
It turns out dogs and computers are racist .  Jessica R .  Williams reports .   
Conservative pundits are won over by Vladimir Putin's   shirtless antics .  
Kimberly Marten explains the current situation in Ukraine in under 10 minutes .  
Big Vladdy 
aasif mandvi highlights the quality of the best health care system in the world .   RAM 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2A :  
Jessica R .  Williams puts on her best shaming nun face .   
Afghan Hustle 
TDSBreakingNews Edward Snowden to speak at SXSW .  Booking miscommunication :  SXSW thought he was an actual whistle blower .  PanPipesAreHip
TDSBreakingNews Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize .  Massing of Russian troops near Norway just a coincidence .  MoveAlong Nothing2CHere
It turns out dogs and computers are racist .  Jessica R .  Williams reports .   
What Not To Buy  
TDSBreakingNews Supreme Court to rule on inmates' right to grow a beard .  Begs question , hipsters go to jail ?  DontTheirParentsBailThemOut
TDSBreakingNews Radioshack closing 1 ,100 stores as troubles grow .  1st sign of trouble :  doing business in a shack .  ShouldaSeenItComing
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  The rich , white , healthy more likely to oppose Obamacare .  Why can't everyone get healthcare the normal way ?  OnAYacht
Jordan Klepper talks with Entertainment Weekly about his first night on The DailyShow .  
There is no way to win .  It's   like the Kobayashi Maru .  - Seth MacFarlane on hosting the Oscars 
It's   a Vlad , Vlad , Vlad , Vlad World 
TDSBreakingNews FLOTUS to visit china in March .  Will advise Chinese kids on how to become healthier , more active future global overlords . 
TDSBreakingNews Marco Rubio :  Russia has a government of liars .  Each lie nested in a slightly large lie .  NoveltyDollSlam
TDSBreakingNews Disney ends funding to Boy Scouts over gay policy .  Huey , Dewey , and Louie celebrate with Appletinis .  OneSmallStep
This Just In !  Barack Obama and Joe Biden run together for AT LEAST 47 seconds a week !  LetsMove ButNotTooMuch 
This week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Al Madrigal struggles to explain the pitfalls of Medicaid expansion to those hoping for help with health care .  
This week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Gay-Ban - Arizona's   Preemptive Strike 
Next week :  Jon welcomes Seth MacFarlane Jim DeMint Rachel Rachel Maddow MSNBC and author Paul Taylor 11/10c . 
Author Kevin Roose discusses his new book about Wall Street's   next generation of financiers .  
Al Madrigal struggles to explain the pitfalls of Medicaid expansion to those hoping for help with health care .  
Millions of the Tamagotchi of currency disappear from the Bitcoin currency exchange Mt .  Gox .  
TDSBreakingNews North Korea launches missiles into sea .  Jong Un demands traitorous missiles be retrieved , executed for their failure . 
TDSBreakingNews UK spied on naked webchats .  Step 1 in its new homeland security plan , Operation Give the Terrorists Body Image Issues . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA has discovered 715 new planets , right when their budget was cut by 715-planet-exploring dollars .  PRETTY CONVENIENT . 
Chuck Hagel announces cuts to the defense budget .  America's   best-known Dick announces his feelings on the subject .  
Gay-Ban 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  GOP doesn't want Christie in 2016 .  But Chris Christie don't care !  He's   happy with New .  .  .  Jer .  .  .  Can't even type it . 
TDSBreakingNews CA couple finds $10 mil buried in their backyard .  That weird guy on the beach with a metal detector sheds a single tear . 
Mexican authorities capture Corn Porridge .   
Anarchy in the Ukraine  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Rob Ford says he's   been drinking , but feels fantastic .  Plans to keep drinking , keep feeling fantastic .  BestHangoverCure
Author Hooman Majd  hmajd )  compares iranian state surveillance to the American variety .  
Denunciation Proclamation 
Jason Jones files his final report from Sochi-ish , and learns the most important Russian lesson of all .  
TDSBreakingNews Kim Jon Un expecting 2nd child .  1st child needed someone to eventually be poisoned by .  Sad ButTrue
TDSBreakingNews 3-D printers may someday print livers , so drink up people !  Plastic livers are on the way !  MadeFromRecycledMaterials
TDSBreakingNews Piers Morgan to end CNN show .  That's   right .  His ratings were too low .  .  .  for CNN .  AndTheySaidItCouldntBeDone
This week :  Author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Obama to dems :  make midterm races 's  exy' .  May explain why Al Franken is in so much of the SI Swimsuit Issue
This week :  Jon welcomes author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c .  DailyShow
 MichaelSam52 threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Dogs intuit emotions the same way humans do .  Also hump friends and play with themselves .  WereNotSoDifferentAfterAll
Kevin Spacey joins Jon at the desk to discuss the latest season of HouseOfCards 
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Hooman Majd , physicist Michio Kaku , Liam Neeson and author Kevin Roose .  11/10c . 
Jason Jones charts communist Russia transformation into the ultimate red state .  
The Dunn verdict is really the cherry on top of the s**t sundae that is Black History Month .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
MSNBC's   Ronan Farrow discusses his new show Ronan Farrow Daily .  
TDSBreakingNews Bachmann :  Obama was elected because of white guilt .  Then re-elected .   ( White people feel REALLY guilty .  ) 
The States :  Meth Labs of Democracy 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Online trolls are psychopaths and sadists .  Bridge-dwelling trolls just hungry and misunderstood .  GiveATrollAChance
American Hustle director David O .  Russell explores his empathetic connection to his characters .  
Jason Jones charts communist Russia transformation into the ultimate red state .  
Romancing the Drone 
TDSBreakingNews CBO says $10 min wage would kill 500K jobs , part of their latest report titled Everything Will Suck No Matter What 2014 . 
The Dunn verdict is really the cherry on top of the s**t sundae that is Black History Month .  - Jessica R .  Williams 
TDSBreakingNews Elderly nun jailed for 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 nuclear site break in .  Whoopi Goldberg to adapt story for hit movie-musical .  SisterActivist
Kevin Spacey joins Jon at the desk to discuss the latest season of HouseOfCards 
Jessica Williams discusses the Jordan Davis shooting and shares the real lessons of Black History Month .  
Unjustified  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews 86% of NFL players OK with gay teammate .  Other 14% too concussed to remember what gay means . 
TDSBreakingNews Navy plans to deploy its first laser on a ship this year , mostly for distracting water kittens .  CutestEnemiesEver
TDSBreakingNews Candy Crush has 1 . 9B in revenue , files for IPO .  But if people hate candy this much , then why is everyone so fat ?  mystery
This week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c . 
This week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Next week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jason Jones reports from Moscow 
 MichaelSam52 threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes Kevin Spacey , director David O .  Russell , and MSNBC host Ronan Farrow 11/10c .  DailyShow
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Behind the Iron Closet 
Is there a rule ambassadors can't have set foot in the countries they are going to ambassador ?  
Diplomat Buyers Club 
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Behind the Iron Closet 
Norway leads the medal count with 12 .  Followed by the Netherlands and Canada , then Whitesylvania and Albinostan .  
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 press freedom declines to 46th place , due to 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 Gov censoring the recent oil spill in TWITTER ACCOUNT TERMINATED
TDSBreakingNews Study :  7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 teens more stressed than adults .  Parents urge them to relax , they won't get into Duke with these grades anyway . 
American Border Story 
TDSBreakingNews Bacon spending at an all time high .  When will the bacon bubble burst ?  Also , how delicious would a bacon bubble be ? 
Michael Sam threatens his own NFL draft prospects by coming out as gay .  
Jason Jones Live From Sochi-ish - Commie Dearest 
TDSBreakingNews Mark Zuckerberg is 2013's   biggest charity giver .  But America gives back !  In the form of unauthorized personal information . 
Ty Burrell discusses his dream of one day meeting Stephen Colbert and getting sucked into the abyss of New York Mets fandom .  
Friday Night Rights 
Olympics Has Fallen  
TDSBreakingNews House GOPer :  drop nuclear bomb on Obamacare .  Which will be replaced by GOP's   Duckandcovercare . 
TDSBreakingNews Swiss vote to keep out immigrants , but if they're serious about security , they should fix the holes in their cheese .  Obvi
TDSBreakingNews Mike Huckabee :  God gave us sexual drive .  Repeated to several women til he was kicked out of the bar .  JesusAintUrWingMan
This week :  Jon welcomes actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c . 
TDSBreakingNews Biden considers run in 2016 .  If not , maybe Olympic biathlete , large animal vet or Top Chef winner .  HeresToTheDreamers
TDSBreakingNews NSA overwhelmed by cell phone use , begs Americans to just text any terrorist schemes .  WhoTalksOnThePhoneAnymore
Bill O'Reilly , President Obama , and the Super Bowl Pre-Show 
Back in Black - The Sochi Winter Olympics 
Next week :  Actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c . 
Cutthroat political tactics come to Coralville , Iowa .  Jason Jones reports .  
TDSBreakingNews Fraternities back denying federal aid to hazers .  Some guys go too far , says frat bro covered in semen and peanut butter . 
Double-Wide World of Sports 
The residents of Bulls**t Mountain champion the same job lock they once railed against .  
Next week :  Actor Ty Burrell , author Elizabeth Kolbert , and actor Joel Kinnaman .  11/10c .  DailyShow
For our friends up north :  Author robyndoolittle shares details of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's   ascendancy .  
Crazy Town author robyndoolittle shares details of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's   ascendancy .  
 
There's   only one small problem with Fox News's   apocalyptic , CBO report-based predictions .  
TDSBreakingNews Russia :  Sochi as safe as NYC .  .  .  ( cough , cough )  .  .  .  ( under breath ) In the 1980s .  .  .  ( cough )  . 
TDSBreakingNews Subway removing shoe rubber chemical from bread .  So that's   what they meant by footlong .  IWantMyFiveDollarsBack
TDSBreakingNews iran adopting universal healthcare , guarantees coverage for pre-existing conditions like living in iran . 
George Clooney likens the dance Jason Jones did on last night's   show to unspeakable horrors .  
When Americans for Prosperity came to town , it was kinda like getting endorsed by Charles Manson .  - Chris Turner 
Breaking Up Bad 
Cutthroat political tactics come to Coralville , Iowa .  Jason Jones reports .   
TDSBreakingNews CVS to end sales of tobacco , but guarantee same great deals on tall boys and sugar water .  BabySteps
china's   moon rover runs into technical problems and bids adieu to the people of Earth .  
TDSBreakingNews Feds :  NSA 'probably' spies on members of Congress .  Finally , we might find out how a bill REALLY becomes a law ! 
TDSBreakingNews SandP downgrades Puerto Rican bonds to junk status .  Also , repossesses Rico from its name .  ItsJustPuertoNow
Elizabeth Banks weighs in on The Lego Movie and the importance of proper footwear .  
Appetite for Distraction 
Bill O'Reilly sits down with President Obama to discuss important components of the Fox scandal grab-bag .  
TDSBreakingNews Deficit to hit new low under Obama .  Fox to tease out story's   NEW LOW UNDER OBAMA !  angle . 
TDSBreakingNews NASA pursues plan to return to the moon .  .  . or will it go for the first time ?  DammitKubrickDontLieToUs
Moment of Zen - Philip Seymour Hoffman Tribute 
The Closer  
Snow Cleanup in Bill de Blasio's   New York 
TDSBreakingNews Congress imposes fees on winter home heating oil .  If Americans get cold , will it numb their pre-existing rage at Congress ? 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 cattle herd at lowest number since 1951 .  Huh , thath weirb .  -- guy eating a double whopper . 
Nancy Pelosi discusses the Affordable Care Act and government's   intrinsic inefficiencies .  
This week :  NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle 
President Obama uses lessons learned from passive-aggressive Jewish mothers in his 2014 State of the Union address .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle DailyShow
Next week :  NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Elizabeth Banks George Clooney , and author robyndoolittle 
South Parked 
TDSBreakingNews Boehner :  GOP must be 'alternative party ,' not 'opposition party . ' Dusts off bass , flannel , refers to self as Pearl John . 
TDSBreakingNews india's   supreme court :  gay sex is a crime and will stay a crime .  Still , at least they admit gay people exist !  OneUpOniran
Johnny Knoxville reflects on his film's   Academy Award nomination and his lifetime of stunts .  
Republicans uninterested in bipartisanship decry President Obama's   lack of bipartisanship .  
President Obama uses lessons learned from passive-aggressive Jewish mothers in his 2014 State of the Union address .  
TDSBreakingNews McDonalds seeks to outsell Starbucks in coffee , tired of competing solely for most vagrant-friendly bathrooms . 
TDSBreakingNews Egypt charges 20 journalists with airing false news .  The offending report :  All's   well in Egypt . 
The only thing in Russia that's   more exposed than their corruption is their president's   nipples .  - Lewis Black 
Samantha Bee explores the devastating economic effects of raising the minimum wage to the poverty level .  
TDSBreakingNews Queen Elizabeth down to her last mil due to overspending .  Turns out corgis don't appreciate in value over time WhoKnew
  talks with Jon about breaking barriers for Jews on television .  
 StayHannity
Sean Hannity says if his conservative views are not welcome in New York , he will leave .  
Where Are We Now ?   DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Johnson and Johnson pulls formaldehyde from baby shampoo .  Realized it wouldn't make them stay babies forever .  SadButTrue
TDSBreakingNews Hillary says her biggest regret is Benghazi .  My god , she must be trying to distract us from an EVEN WORSE scandal ! 
TDSBreakingNews Paul Ryan has no desire to be House Speaker .  Prefers something more fun and rewarding , like paper cut ointment-tester . 
TDSBreakingNews 3 mil people have signed up for Obamacare .  Turns out people like not dying of illness .  NotDying Trending
TDSBreakingNews Snowden :  I'm not coming home , adding , how can I when they turned my room into a home gym ?  GottaGrowUpSometime
2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics  DailyShow
The 1st Annual Wilmore Awards 
No Velveeta !  ?  What will I do without my milk-based sodium phosphate ?  
Dishonorably discharged Vietnam vets with PTSD can't get treatment bc they were dishonorably discharged bc of PTSD .  
A group of the world's   wealthiest people gather in an secluded mountain enclave to discuss income inequality .  
This week :  Jon welcomes     Johnny Knoxville and Nancy Pelosi  11/10c . 
Next week :  Jon welcomes     Johnny Knoxville and Nancy Pelosi  11/10c . 
War of Peacecraft 
TDSBreakingNews Poll :  GOP thinks people are poor because they don't work hard enough .  TRUE !  At $7 . 25/hour they need to work much harder ! 
TDSBreakingNews Pope :  The internet is a 'gift from God' .  Pope and porn addicts finally find common ground .  WereNotSoDifferentAfterAll
hari sreenivasan Sreenivasan describes the fundamental differences between PBS's   mission and that of 24-hour cable news .  
The 1st Annual Wilmore Awards  
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Smartphones damaging sleep , productivity .  With one exception .  DickPicProductivity AllTimeHigh
TDSBreakingNews Snowden denies being a Russian spy .  Which is EXACTLY the kind of thing a Russian spy would do .  TotesBustedBro
india , Nigeria and Uganda pass anti-gay legislation in preparation for the 2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics .  
Author Theresa Payton details the myriad ways in which technology threatens private information .  
Dishonorably discharged Vietnam vets with PTSD can't get treatment bc they were dishonorably discharged bc of PTSD .  
2014 Sochi Homophobic Olympics  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews china lifts Lady Gaga ban , yet still refuses to lift Meat Dress tariff .  StillSoFarToGo
TDSBreakingNews Barbara Bush :  I love Bill Clinton .  Apparently , the woman has a type .  FormerLeadersOfTheFreeWorld
TDSBreakingNews Chris Christie sworn in for 2nd term .  Prepare for much more Christie swearing to come . 
Marilynne Roach dispels popular myths surrounding the Salem witch trials .  
No Velveeta !  What will I do without my milk-based sodium phosphate ?   
President Obama imposes self-enforced guidelines on secret government surveillance .  
TDSBreakingNews Prince Charles takes over royal duties .  Fancy term for taking the corgis out to do their royal duty . 
TDSBreakingNews Julian Assange calls Obama embarrassing .  Malia and Sasha whole-heartedly agree .  DadsAreSoUncool
This week :  Author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c on
Hillary Clinton's   Hit List 
Coal Miner's   Water - A Terrorist Plot ?  Jason Jones reports .  
Next week :  Author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c + 
A pill-popping afternoon drunk who's   riddled with hepatitis ?  There's   gotta be a catch !  - Samantha Bee 
Tim Gunn reflects on the pressure that comes with being famously well-dressed .  
Next week :  Jon welcomes author Marilynne Roach , author Theresa Payton , journalist Hari Sreenivasan , and author   11/10c .  DailyShow
From GM to Hamas , women make inroads in traditionally male organizations .   
TDSBreakingNews Hershey to develop printable foods .  And from there it's   just a small step to edible foods ! 
TDSBreakingNews Americans worse off financially than last year .  Also older and closer to death .  Makes the money thing seem less bad , right ? 
Full Episode :  Congress threatens to nuke a nuclear deal with iran .  Jon welcomes former Defense Secretary Robert Gates 
Let's   Break a Deal 
Bieber by the Dozen 
TDSBreakingNews Study :  Netherlands has healthiest , most plentiful food .  Almost makes up for having woodenest , least comfortable shoes . 
Tim Gunn reflects on the pressure that comes with being famously well-dressed .  
TDSBreakingNews Beatles' Paul and Ringo to reunite at Grammys .  No word yet on who will twerk on who . 
A pill-popping afternoon drunk who's   riddled with hepatitis ?  There's   gotta be a catch !   
Hillary Clinton's   Hit List 
Jon ponders the media's   tradition of assigning a gate to every scandal .  
We've got a case of the Fives .  .  .  FNTheFive TheFive 
TDSBreakingNews Weather channel pulled from Direct TV .  Customers feverishly seek new channel to leave on for their dogs . 
TDSBreakingNews CO launches Don't Drive Stoned ads .  Stoners agree not to do anything at all while stoned , just in case .  Selfless Heroes
TDSBreakingNews Obama to visit Pope .  Wants God to explain the meaning of Congress .  BigQuestions
Coal Miner's   Water - A Terrorist Plot ?  Jason Jones reports .  
Coal Miner's   Water 
Special Edition :  Best Bridge-related Coverage .  Christie apologizes .  Al Madrigal on a bridge to Canada .  Jeff Bridges .  
TDSBreakingNews Syrian militant group tries to recruit Americans .  But fails to offer free sign-up t-shirt .  NiceTry MostImportantPart
This week :  Filmmaker Roger Ross Williams , Tim Gunn Robert Gates , and Steven Brill 11/10c on Comedy Central and 
TDSBreakingNews 7516fd43adaa5e0b8a65a672c39845d2 job growth worst in years .  But how many years ?  Are we allowed to go further back until we look better ? 
The DailyShow is back !  
Let me say something right here , right now :  I know my audience .  
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on health care advertising with help from America's   bros and lady bros .  
Inside Llewyn Davis star Oscar Isaac tells Jon about the musical he wrote in fifth grade .  
Next week :  Filmmaker Roger Ross Williams , Tim Gunn Robert Gates , and Steven Brill 11/10c on Comedy Central and 
Slumdogs vs .  Millionaires  
Scarlett Johansson discusses the post-modern love story at the heart of Spike Jonze's   movie , Her .  
The NeverEnding Sorry  
Slumdogs vs .  Millionaires  DailyShow
TDSBreakingNews Washington State faces too many pot growers problem .  In related news , Washington State wins award for Best Problem . 
TDSBreakingNews Insane Clown Posse sues feds over gang designation .  Because come on , they're clearly a posse .  RightThereInTheNameFeds
aasif mandvi Mandvi reports on health care advertising with help from America's   bros and lady bros .   DailyShow
Email Chains , Lanes and Automobiles 
TDSBreakingNews Earth reaches 1 billion smokers .  Respond smokers :  We did it !  Hip hip hoora- COUGH-COUGH-HACK-WHEEZE  ( spits loogie )  ! 
TDSBreakingNews china lifts ban on video game consoles .  Citizens can't wait to try this Sega Dreamcast they've heard so much about . 
TDSBreakingNews Kraft cheese warns of Velveeta shortage .  Luckily , orange food coloring and glue still abound !  SameGreatTaste
David Brooks betrays the ideals behind his stirring tribute to hedonism .  
Let me say something right here , right now :  I know my audience .   
TDSBreakingNews McCain :  Obama blew the whole thing in Iraq .  Adds , For the money we spent , that war should've lasted another decade ! 
TDSBreakingNews Drudge opts out of Obamacare for life .  Subsequent lack of insurance makes for life vow much more achievable . 
TDSBreakingNews Gingrich on global warming :  Life was fine during dinosaur age .  And those guys turned out great !  NotExtinctInOurHearts
Inside Llewyn Davis star Oscar Isaac tells Jon about the musical he wrote in fifth grade .  
The DailyShow is back !  
TDSBreakingNews German Chancellor Angela Merkel fractures pelvis .  Related story :  NSA looking into ways to wiretap fractured pelvises . 
TDSBreakingNews Hillary PAC rents out 2008 prez campaign e-mail list .  So get ready to wire H1l ry Cl1nt0n some money in Nigeria . 
TDSBreakingNews Dennis Rodman :  North Korea 'not that bad . ' Says the same guy who wanted to marry Dennis Rodman .  TerribleTaste
Tickets still available for this week's   DailyShow tapings at 
This week Jon welcomes actors Oscar Isaac and Steve Coogan , plus Richard Cordray of consumerfinance . gov and actress Scarlett Johansson .  DailyShow
The Best F king News Team Ever Covers Breaking News 
Jon Stewart and The Best F king News Team return Monday with all new episodes !  DailyShow
Jon Stewart Looks at Floaters  DailyShow
Next week :  Jon welcomes actors Oscar Isaac and Steve Coogan , plus Richard Cordray of consumerfinance . gov and actress Scarlett Johansson .  DailyShow
The DailyShow returns with all new episodes on Monday !  11/10c on
